2006-03-21  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* .cvsignore: added *.pr files
	* Makefile.am: added pr.am for problem reports
	* acinclude.m4: added pr.m4 and call _AUTOPR for problem reports

2006-03-20  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* Makefile.am: added checks for DEVELOPMENT
	* src/Makefile.am: added checks for DEVELOPMENT
	* strbcm.spec.in: tied in --disable-devel flag
	* m4/bcm.m4: added -- attempt at BCM autoconf/automake fragments
	* am/bcm.am: added -- attempt at BCM autoconf/automake fragments
	* configure.ac: updated and rationalized
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: added checks for DEVELOPMENT

2006-03-16  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ANNOUNCE: added announcement file for release
	* .pkgrelease: bumped release number after release
	* NEWS: prepare for next release

2006-03-15  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* configure.ac (AC_CONFIG_SRCDIR): change unique file to .lsm.in file
	* tests/local.at: set better defaults for stand-alone test suites

2006-03-14  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>
	
	* strbcm.spec.in: added second rpmextra string

2006-03-11  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* configure.ac: allow --disable-dependency-tracking in maintainer mode

2006-03-10  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* scripts/strconf-sh: handle package wrappers better
	* am/strconf.am: handle package wrappers better
	* m4/strconf.m4: handle package wrappers better
	* strbcm.spec.in: updated description fields and headers

2006-03-09  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* strbcm.lsm.in: make suitable for Linux Software Map submission

2006-03-08  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* debian/mscript_header.in: added
	* debian/mscript_postinst.in: added
	* debian/mscript_postrm.in: added
	* debian/mscript_preinst.in: added
	* debian/mscript_prerm.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-core.postinst.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-core.postrm.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-core.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-core.prerm.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-devel.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-dev.postinst.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-dev.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-dev.prerm.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-doc.postinst.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-doc.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-doc.prerm.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-init.postinst.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-init.postrm.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-init.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-init.prerm.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-lib.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-source.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strbcm-util.preinst.in: added
	* doc/.cvsignore: added
	* doc/Makefile.am: added
	* doc/man/.cvsignore: added
	* doc/man/Makefile.am: added
	* doc/man/strbcm.macros: added
	* doc/man/strbcm.refs: added
	* doc/manual/.cvsignore: added
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: added
	* doc/manual/strbcm.texi: added
	* doc/manual/configure.texi: added
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: added
	* doc/manual/rpm.texi: added
	* doc/manual/tree.texi: added
	* Makefile.am: added
	* src/.cvsignore: added
	* src/drivers/Config.in: added
	* src/drivers/testdrv.c: added
	* src/drivers/testdrv.h: added
	* src/include/.cvsignore: added
	* src/include/Makefile.am: added
	* src/include/sys/strbcm/config.h.in: added
	* src/include/sys/strbcm/version.h.in: added
	* src/.indent.pro: added
	* src/Makefile.am: added
	* src/modules/Config.in: added
	* src/modules/testmod.c: added
	* src/modules/testmod.h: added
	* src/util/init/README: added
	* src/util/init/strbcm: added
	* src/util/init/strbcm.sh: added
	* src/util/modutils/strbcm.in: added
	* src/util/sysconfig/README: added
	* src/util/sysconfig/strbcm: added
	* src/util/sysconfig/strbcm.conf: added
	* src/test/test-bcm.c: added
	* tests/.cvsignore: added
	* tests/Makefile.am: added
	* tests/atlocal.in: added
	* tests/dummy1.m4: added
	* tests/dummy2.m4: added
	* tests/dummy3.m4: added
	* tests/dummy4.m4: added
	* tests/kernel.at: added
	* tests/local.at: added
	* tests/testsuite.at: added
	* acinclude.m4: added
	* Makefile.am: corrected for build (proper path to init and configuration files)
	* debian/rules.in (tools): corrected for build (strbcm_mknod instead of strutil_mknod)
	* doc/manual/strbcm.texi: corrected for build (strbcm.info instead of strutil.info)
	* src/test/test-bcm.c: corrected for build (needs main)
	* strbcm/src/.cvsignore: added
	* strbcm/src/include/.cvsignore: added
	* strbcm/tests/.cvsignore: added
	* m4/strconf.m4: split package configs and normal configs into two
	  files, Config.master (as usual) for normal configs and
	  Config.package for package configuration
	* am/strconf.am: split package configs and normal configs

2006-03-07  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- started off this new binary compatibility modules package
	* .cvsignore: added
	* .debepoch: added
	* .debrelease: added
	* .indent.pro: added
	* .pkgepoch: added
	* .pkgrelease: added
	* .rpmepoch: added
	* .rpmrelease: added
	* AUTHORS: added
	* COPYING: added
	* ChangeLog: added
	* INSTALL: added
	* NEWS: added
	* README: added
	* README-cvs: added
	* README-nexusware: added
	* THANKS: added
	* TODO: added
	* configure.ac: added
	* configure.nexusware: added
	* strbcm.gif: added
	* strbcm.lsm.in: added
	* strbcm.spec.in: added
	* strbcm.tif: added
	* strbcm.xcf: added
	* strbcm.xpm: added
	* debian/README.Debian: added
	* debian/TODO.Debian: added
	* debian/changelog: added
	* debian/copyright: updated headers
	* debian/control.in: added
	* debian/rules.in: added

-----

Copyright (c) 2001-2006  OpenSS7 Corporation <http://www.openss7.com>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian F. G. Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>

All Rights Reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass
Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.


U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software on
behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following provisions apply
to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department of Defense ("DoD"), it
is classified as "Commercial Computer Software" under paragraph 252.227-7014
of the DoD Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any
successor regulations) and the Government is acquiring only the license rights
granted herein (the license rights customarily provided to non-Government
users).  If the Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government
other than DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor regulations) or, in
the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the NASA Supplement to the FAR
(or any successor regulations).


Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from OpenSS7
Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

vim: ft=changelog tw=80 com=fb\:*,fb\:- fo+=tcqlorn
