OpenSS7 NETPERF Utility -- history of user visible changes.  2007-06-24
$Id: NEWS,v 0.9.2.38 2007/06/24 09:21:17 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2001-2007  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

The sections that follow provide information on OpenSS7 releases of the
OpenSS7 NETPERF Utility package as well as compatibility information of
OpenSS7 releases to the original Hewlett-Packard Company releases.

 Major changes for release netperf-2.3.6
----------------------------------------

This is the fifth full release of the `OpenSS7 NETPERF Utility' package.

This release is largely a maintenance release that provides support for
more distributions an architectures as well as tracking feature updates
on related packages.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Support build on openSUSE 10.2.

   - Support build on Fedora 7 with 2.6.21 kernel.

   - Support build on CentOS 5.0 (RHEL5).

   - Support build on Ubuntu 7.04.

   - Updated to gettext 0.16.1.

   - Supports build on Fedora Core 6.

   - Support for recent distributions and tool chains.


 Major changes for release netperf-2.3.5
----------------------------------------

This is the fifth full release of the `OpenSS7 NETPERF Utility' package.

This release is largely a maintenance release that provides support for
more distributions an architectures as well as tracking feature updates
on related packages.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Support for autoconf 2.61, automake 1.10 and gettext 0.16.

   - Support for Ubuntu 6.10 distribution and bug fixes for i386
     kernels.

   - The package now looks for other subpackages with a version number
     as unpacked by separate tarball.


 Major changes for release netperf-2.3.4
----------------------------------------

This is the fourth full release of the `OpenSS7 NETPERF Utility'
package.

This release is largely a maintenance release that provides support for
more distributions an architectures as well as tracking feature updates
on related packages:

   - Updates to permit use with `strinet-0.9.2.6' second generation
     "UDP" driver, `strsctp-0.9.2.8' "STREAMS" SCTP driver,
     `sctp-0.2.26' "Sockets" SCTP driver.

   - Added `send-pr' scripts for automatic problem report generation.
     (Please do not report bugs on LiS.)

   - Added `--disable-devel' `configure' option to suppress building
     and installing development environment.  This feature is for
     embedded or pure runtime targets that do not need the development
     environment (static libraries, manual pages, documentation).

   - Improved compiler flag generation and optimizations for recent
     `gcc' compilers and some idiosyncratic behaviour for some
     distributions (primarily SUSE).  Optimized compilation is now
     available also for user level programs in addition to kernel
     programs.  Added new `--with-optimize' option to `configure' to
     accomplish this.

   - Better detection of SUSE distributions, release numbers and SLES
     distributions: support for additional `SuSE' distributions on
     `ix86' as well as `x86_64'.  Added distribution support includes
     `SLES 9', `SLES 9 SP2', `SLES 9 SP3', `SLES 10', `SuSE 10.1'.

   - Many documentation updates for all OpenSS7 packages.  Automated
     release file generation making for vastly improved and timely text
     documentation present in the release directory.

   - Now builds 32-bit compatibility libraries and tests them against
     64-bit kernel modules and drivers.  The `make installcheck' target
     will now automatically test both 64-bit native and 32-bit
     compatibility versions, one after the other, on 64-bit platforms.

   - Includes results of performance testing of the new second
     generation UDP driver (implemented completely in STREAMS instead
     of using an internal socket).

   - Includes workup of benchmark scripts for SCTP, TCP and UDP.  Added
     a scls_show option to perform `scls -c' (see `scls(1)') to show
     "STREAMS" module and driver statistics between test sample points
     when verbosity is set to 2 and XTI is being used.  This assists
     with performance testing as it shows the counts accumulated to put
     and service routine throughout the "Stream".  It was used in
     "UDP2" testing of the `strinet' package and will come in handy for
     the "SCTP" testing.

 Major changes for release netperf-2.3.4.rc3
--------------------------------------------

Third release candidate.  This is a "maintenance" release candidate.
This release candidate includes:

   - Automated release file generation making for vastly improved and
     timely text documentation present in the release directory.

   - Many documentation updates (for all OpenSS7 packages).

   - Includes the changes made to the `strsctp' drivers at the `2006
     SCTP Interop' at the `University of British Columbia'.  This
     version was interoperability tested with all implementations
     present.

   - Provides support for additional `SuSE' distributions on `ix86' as
     well as `x86_64'.  Added distribution support includes `SLES 9',
     `SLES 9 SP2', `SLES 9 SP3', `SLES 10', `SuSE 10.1'.

   - Includes workup of benchmark scripts for SCTP, TCP and UDP.  Added
     a scls_show option to perform `scls -c' (see `scls(1)') to show
     "STREAMS" module and driver statistics between test sample points
     when verbosity is set to 2 and XTI is being used.  This assists
     with performance testing as it shows the counts accumulated to put
     and service routine throughout the "Stream".  It was used in
     "UDP2" testing of the `strinet' package and will come in handy for
     the "SCTP" testing.

This was an internal alpha test release candidate and was not released
publicly.  This release was only available to subscribers to and
sponsors of the OpenSS7 Project.

 Major changes for release netperf-2.3.4.rc2
--------------------------------------------

Second release candidate.  This is a "maintenance" release candidate.
This release candidate includes:

   - Includes results of performance testing of the new second
     generation UDP driver (implemented completely in STREAMS instead
     of using an internal socket).

   - Includes support for SuSE 10.1.

This was an internal alpha test release candidate and was not released
publicly.  This release was only available to subscribers to and
sponsors of the OpenSS7 Project.

 Major changes for release netperf-2.3.4rc1
-------------------------------------------

First release candidate for Mark Fugate.  This is a "maintenance"
release candidate.  This release candidate includes:

   - Added `--enable-devel' configure option for embedded targets.

   - Added `send-pr' script for automatic problem report generation.

This was an internal alpha test release candidate and was not released
publicly.  This release was only available to subscribers to and
sponsors of the OpenSS7 Project.

 Major changes for release netperf-2.3.3
----------------------------------------

This release is primarily to support additional compilers (gcc 4.0.2),
architectures (x86_64, SMP, 32-bit compatibility), recent Linux
distributions (EL4, SuSE 10, LE2006, OpenSuSE) and kernels (2.6.15).

Corrections for and testing of 64-bit clean compile and test runs on
x86_64 architecture.  Some bug corrections resulting from gcc 4.0.2
compiler warnings.

 Major changes for release netperf-2.3.2
----------------------------------------

Many corrections (but not enough) are included to use the package for
XTI INET testing.  UDP works now, but TCP is not completely corrected
yet (and, therefore, neither is SCTP).  These capabilities could not
have possibly worked in the original `netperf-2.3' release.  The next
release should have TCP and SCTP corrected for XTI.

Corrections included to make the package cross-build for `NexusWare' as
well as recent 2.6.14 (FC4) kernels.

What remains to be done is to merge in the latest upstream release of
netperf into this package and contribute XTI corrections back upstream.

 Initial release netperf-2.3.1
------------------------------

Initial autoconf/RPM packaging of the `netperf' release.  It is based
on the Hewlett-Packard Company `netperf-2.3' release.

This release provides modifications to support the Stream Control
Transmission Protocol (SCTP) and provides tests for the Sockets API for
the OpenSS7 Linux Native Kernel version of SCTP as well as tests for
the XTI API for the OpenSS7 STREAMS version of SCTP.  In addition, use
of the XTI API for TCP and UDP tests is supported using the OpenSS7
STREAMS INET package.

SCTP Sockets API tests depend upon the availability of an the OpenSS7
Sockets implementation of SCTP in an OpenSS7 patched kernel.  Some
binary kernels and prepatched kernel source for popular architectures
are provided as RPMs from the OpenSS7 Project download page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html).

SCTP XTI API tests depend upon the availability of the OpenSS7 STREAMS
implementation of SCTP.  Some binary and source packages for `LiS
STREAMS', `Linux Fast-STREAMS', the `strxnet' XTI/TLI library and the
`strsctp' package are available from the OpenSS7 Project download page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html).  *Note Introduction:
(libxnet)Top.

Under Linux, the TCP and UDP XTI API tests depend upon the availability
of the OpenSS7 INET driver.  Some binary and source packages for `LiS
STREAMS', `Linux Fast-STREAMS', the `strxnet' XTI/TLI library and the
`strinet' package (*note Introduction: (strinet)Top.) are available from
the OpenSS7 Project download page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html).  *Note Introduction:
(libxnet)Top.

This release also provides updates to the antiquated `netperf-2.1'
release documentation distributed with `netperf-2.3'.

-----

=========================================================================

 Copyright (c) 2001-2007  OpenSS7 Corporation  <http://www.openss7.com/>
 Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

 All Rights Reserved.

 Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
 manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
 preserved on all copies.

 Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
 manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
 entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
 permission notice identical to this one

 Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
 manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
 responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
 the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
 have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
 which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
 professionally.

 Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by the
 source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

 U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software
 on behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following
 provisions apply to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department
 of Defense ("DoD"), it is classified as "Commercial Computer Software"
 under paragraph 252.227-7014 of the DoD Supplement to the Federal
 Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any successor regulations) and
 the Government is acquiring only the license rights granted herein (the
 license rights customarily provided to non-Government users).  If the
 Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government other than
 DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
 Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19
 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor
 regulations) or, in the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the
 NASA Supplement to the FAR (or any successor regulations).

=========================================================================

 Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from
 OpenSS7 Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

=========================================================================
vim: ft=README tw=72 nocindent nosmartindent formatoptions+=tcqlorn
