OpenSS7 XTI/TLI Networking -- history of user visible changes.  2008-08-20
$Id: NEWS,v 0.9.2.67 2008-08-20 10:57:01 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

The sections that follow provide information on OpenSS7 releases of the
OpenSS7 XTI/TLI Networking package.

 Major changes for release strxnet-0.9.2.12
-------------------------------------------

This `OpenSS7 Project' release is another separate release of the
`OpenSS7 XTI/TLI Networking' package whose components were formerly
part of the `strinet' package.  These networking modules provide TPI
and XTI/TLI library, as well as providing TPI and XTI header files.
The package contains all the necessary manual pages and other
documentation, including a reprint of the TPI 1.5 specification, for
XTI components.  The package is packaged as an OpenSS7 style autoconf
tarball.

This release is a stable, production grade release and is part of the
OpenSS7 Master Package (`openss7-0.9.2.G').

This release is primarily a maintenance release to support recent
distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Added ability of XTI library to pass additional flags when sending
     and receiving data for XTI(XX25) implementation.

   - Kernel module license made explicit "GPL v2".  And then changed
     back to "GPL".

   - License upgrade to AGPL Version 3.

   - Ability to strap out major documentation build and installation
     primarily for embedded targets.

   - Improvements to common build process for embedded and
     cross-compile targets.


_This is a public stable production grade release of the package: it
deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade to the current release
before reporting bugs._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
RPM- and DPKG-based distributions, and can be used on production
kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released under the `GNU Affero General Public
License Version 3'.  The release is available as an `autoconf' tarball,
SRPM, DSC, and set of binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the downloads page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html) for the `autoconf' tarballs,
SRPMs and DSCs.  For tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs,
see the strxnet package page (http://www.openss7.org/strxnet_pkg.html).

See `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strxnet-0.9.2.12/ChangeLog' and
`http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strxnet-0.9.2.12/NEWS' in the release
for more information.  Also, see the `strxnet.pdf' manual in the
release (also in html `http://www.openss7.org/strxnet_manual.html').

 Major changes for release strxnet-0.9.2.11
-------------------------------------------

This `OpenSS7 Project' release is another separate release of the
`OpenSS7 XTI/TLI Networking' package whose components were formerly
part of the `strinet' package.  These networking modules provide TPI
and XTI/TLI library, as well as providing TPI and XTI header files.
The package contains all the necessary manual pages and other
documentation, including a reprint of the TPI 1.5 specification, for
XTI components.  The package is packaged as an OpenSS7 style autoconf
tarball.

This release is a stable, production grade release and is part of the
OpenSS7 Master Package (`openss7-0.9.2.F').

This release is primarily a maintenance release to support recent
distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Support build on openSUSE 10.2.

   - Support build on Fedora 7 with 2.6.21 kernel.

   - Support build on CentOS 5.0 (RHEL5).

   - Support build on Ubuntu 7.04.

   - Updated to gettext 0.16.1.

   - Changes to support build on 2.6.20-1.2307.fc5 and
     2.6.20-1.2933.fc6 kernel.

   - Supports build on Fedora Core 6.

   - Support for recent distributions and tool chains.


 Major changes for release strxnet-0.9.2.10
-------------------------------------------

This `OpenSS7 Project' release is another separate release of the
`OpenSS7 XTI/TLI Networking' package whose components were formerly
part of the `strinet' package.  These networking modules provide TPI
and XTI/TLI library, as well as providing TPI and XTI header files.
The package contains all the necessary manual pages and other
documentation, including a reprint of the TPI 1.5 specification, for
XTI components.  The package is packaged as an OpenSS7 style autoconf
tarball.

This release is a stable, production grade release for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS' and is part of the OpenSS7 Master Package
(`openss7-0.9.2.E').

This release is primarily a maintenance release to support recent
distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Improvements to the common build environment with better support
     for standalone package builds on 2.4 kernels.

   - Support for autoconf 2.61, automake 1.10 and gettext 0.16.

   - Support for Ubuntu 6.10 distribution and bug fixes for i386
     kernels.

   - The package now looks for other subpackages with a version number
     as unpacked by separate tarball.


 Major changes for release strxnet-0.9.2.9
------------------------------------------

This `OpenSS7 Project' release is another separate release of the
`OpenSS7 XTI/TLI Networking' package whose components were formerly
part of the `strinet' package.  These networking modules provide TPI
and XTI/TLI library, as well as providing TPI and XTI header files.
The package contains all the necessary manual pages and other
documentation, including a reprint of the TPI 1.5 specification, for
XTI components.  The package is packaged as an OpenSS7 style autoconf
tarball.

This release is a stable, production grade release for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS' and is part of the OpenSS7 Master Package
(`openss7-0.9.2.G').

This release is primarily a maintenance release.  No significant defect
corrections or development has been applied.  This release is a stable
production release for `Linux Fast-STREAMS'.  Support for `LiS' is
deprecated as of this release.

The release provides the following enhancements and fixes:

   - Support for most recent 2.6.18 kernels (including Fedora Core 5
     with inode diet patch set).

   - Added Network Services Library containing network selection
     facility as well as name-to-address mapping functions ala ONC RPC.
     This library has subsequently been moved to the `strnxsl' package.

   - Now builds 32-bit compatibility libraries and tests them against
     64-bit kernel modules and drivers.  The `make installcheck' target
     will now automatically test both 64-bit native and 32-bit
     compatibility versions, one after the other, on 64-bit platforms.

   - Added versions to all library symbols.

   - Many documentation updates for all OpenSS7 packages.  Automated
     release file generation making for vastly improved and timely text
     documentation present in the release directory.

   - Dropped support for `LiS'.

   - Updated `init' scripts for proper addition and removal of modules.

   - Start assigning majors at major device number 231 instead of major
     device number 230.  Assign major device number 230 explicitly to
     the clone device.  Package will now support extended ranges of
     minor devices on 2.6 kernels under `Linux Fast-STREAMS' only.
     `strxnet' now supports expanded addressable minor device numbers,
     permitting 2^16 addressable minor devices per major device number
     on 2.6 kernels: `LiS' cannot support this change.

   - Better detection of SUSE distributions, release numbers and SLES
     distributions: support for additional `SuSE' distributions on
     `ix86' as well as `x86_64'.  Added distribution support includes
     `SLES 9', `SLES 9 SP2', `SLES 9 SP3', `SLES 10', `SuSE 10.1'.

   - Improved compiler flag generation and optimizations for recent
     `gcc' compilers and some idiosyncratic behaviour for some
     distributions (primarily SUSE).

   - Optimized compilation is now available also for user level
     programs in addition to kernel programs.  Added new
     `--with-optimize' option to `configure' to accomplish this.

   - Added `--disable-devel' `configure' option to suppress building
     and installing development environment.  This feature is for
     embedded or pure runtime targets that do not need the development
     environment (static libraries, manual pages, documentation).

   - Added `send-pr' script for automatic problem report generation.

   - The package will now build doxygen(1) html documentation with the
     'doxy' make target.  See 'make help' or README-make in the
     distribution for more information.

 Major changes for release strxnet-0.9.2.8
------------------------------------------

This release is primarily to support additional compilers (gcc 4.0.2),
architectures (x86_64, SMP, 32-bit compatibility), recent Linux
distributions (EL4, SuSE 10, LE2006, OpenSuSE) and kernels (2.6.15).

This is primarily a maintenance release.  Validated for operation on
x86_64 SMP kernel using Linux Fast-STREAMS.  Changes included to handle
__LP64__ kernels.  Corrected build flags for Gentoo and 2.6.15 kernels
as reported on mailing list.  Corrects one bug from inspection.

   - Changes necessary for __LP64__ compatible builds.  Changes to
     support 32-bit ioctl compatibility for __LP64__ architectures.
     Binary compatibility should not have been disrupted.  At the same
     time as the ioctl32 changes, TRANSPARENT ioctl support for most of
     the IO controls for the ldl(4) driver has been added.

   - Changes to satisfy gcc 4.0.2 compiler.

   - Corrections for and testing of 64-bit clean compile and test runs
     on x86_64 architecture.  Some bug corrections resulting from gcc
     4.0.2 compiler warnings.

   - Corrected build flags for Gentoo and 2.6.15 kernels as reported on
     mailing list.

   - Initial corrections for and testing of SMP operation on Intel 630
     Hyper-Threaded SMP on x86_64.  This package should now run well on
     N-way Xeons even with Hyper-Threading enabled.

   - Corrections and validation of 32-bit compatibility over 64-bit on
     x86_64.  Should apply well to other 64-bit architectures as well.

_This is a public stable production release of the package: it
deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade to the current release
before reporting bugs._

 Major changes for release strxnet-0.9.2.7
------------------------------------------

This is primarily a bug fixes release.  This release has been verified
(conformance test suite passes) for operation with Linux Fast-STREAMS
(streams-0.7a.4).  Some test cases were updated because LiS was not
operating correctly on pipes (does not send SIGPIPE on write error
contrary to POSIX).

 Major changes for release strxnet-0.9.2.6
------------------------------------------

With this release version numbers were changed to reflect an upstream
version only to be consistent with other OpenSS7 package releases.  All
`RPM' release numbers will be `-1$(PACKAGE_RPMEXTRA)' and all `Debian'
release numbers will be `_0'.  If you wish to apply patches and release
the package, please bump up the release number and apply a suitable
release suffix for your organization.  We leave `Debian' release number
`_1' reserved for your use, so you can still bundle the source in the
`.dsc' file.

Major changes for this release include build against Linux 2.6 kernels
and popular distributions based on the 2.6 kernel as well as wider
distribution support.  The package also supports both `LiS-2.18.1' as
well as `streams-0.7a' on both kernels.

Removed `XNS' kernel modules, header files and documentation to a
separate `strxns-0.9.2-1' package and `INET' kernel modules, header
files and documentation to a separate `strinet-0.9.2-1' package.

 Major changes for release strxnet-0.9.2-5
------------------------------------------

Dropped RPM epoch to 0 from 1 in preparation for RPM release.  Bumped
RPM release to 5.

Minor corrections: made `SCTP' manual pages conditional on `OpenSS7
SCTP' kernel.

Updated documentation and provided improvements to build process
applied to other packages.  This includes improvements to creation of
`info' and `pdf' manuals.  Update `tirdwr' and `timod' manual page.

Removed INET package from `strxnet-0.9.2-5' release.  This has now been
moved to the `strxns-0.9.2'(1) package.  Removed XNS header files and
manual pages for CDI, DLPI and NPI to that package.  Also removed
`test-inet_raw', `test-inet_udp' and `test-inet_tcp' test programs to
that package.  Removed `/dev/inet' driver to that package.  Stripped
out the -dev- RPM subpackage as there are no devices left in the
package.  Adjusted the virtual package provides naming to a more
rational approach.  Adjusted kernel module installation process to
accommodate.

Genksyms now generates kernels symbols for all combinations of SMP and
CONFIG_REGPARM kernels allowing a single modversions header file.
Improved manual pages `automake' file fragment (`am/man.am') to
accommodate top-level manual pages (this was really for the `netperf'
release).

---------- Footnotes ----------

(1) *Note About This Manual: (strxns)Top.

 Major changes for release strxnet-0.9.2-4
------------------------------------------

Changes to compile, install.  Now builds rpms for `Fedora Core 1 (FC1)',
`Whitebox Enterprise Linux (WBEL)' and `RedHat Enterprise Linux (EL3)'.

Included explicit epoch in internal dependencies in `.spec' file for RPM
versions 4.2.1, 4.2.2 and higher.  Added hugemem kernel detection and
moved `getpmsg' and `putpmsg' manual pages.

Correction to symbolic linking and system map file location during
non-rpm `autoconf' installation.

Correction to zero maxlen behaviour in `t_rcvconnect()'.

 Major changes for release strxnet-0.9.2-3
------------------------------------------

Added check for CONFIG_REGPARM, addition of `-mregparm=3' CFLAGS,
addition of `regparm_' prefix for exported kernel symbols.

Minor corrections to separate build directory install of devices and
caching of detected kernel symbols.

Added an option for suppression of exported symbol versions
(`--without-modversions').

 Major changes for release strxnet-0.9.2-2
------------------------------------------

A couple of corrections to the build process reported by Gurol.
Changed order of build in `make rebuild' target to build tools last so
that the rpm debug package is build correctly on `RedHat 9'.

Changed MODULE_PARM to static so that `make install-strip' does not
strip module parameter symbols.

 Initial release strxnet-0.9.2-1
--------------------------------

Initial autoconf/RPM packaging of the `strxnet' release.

-----

=========================================================================

 Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation  <http://www.openss7.com/>
 Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

 All Rights Reserved.

 Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
 manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
 preserved on all copies.

 Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
 manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
 entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
 permission notice identical to this one

 Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
 manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
 responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
 the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
 have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
 which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
 professionally.

 Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by the
 source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

 U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software
 on behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following
 provisions apply to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department
 of Defense ("DoD"), it is classified as "Commercial Computer Software"
 under paragraph 252.227-7014 of the DoD Supplement to the Federal
 Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any successor regulations) and
 the Government is acquiring only the license rights granted herein (the
 license rights customarily provided to non-Government users).  If the
 Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government other than
 DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
 Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19
 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor
 regulations) or, in the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the
 NASA Supplement to the FAR (or any successor regulations).

=========================================================================

 Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from
 OpenSS7 Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

=========================================================================
vim: ft=README tw=72 nocindent nosmartindent formatoptions+=tcqlorn
