2010-06-09  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/manual/bugs.texi: added bug #007.
	* scripts/texi/funding.texi: added contributors.
	* src/lib/xnet.c: fixed t_rcv bug #007.

2010-04-18  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/specs/xmap/.cvsignore: added ignore file
	* src/gdmo/G.774.1.gdmo: corrected GDMO
	* src/mibs/OPENSS7-ACSE-MIB.mib: mib corrections
	* src/mibs/OPENSS7-ISUP-MIB.mib: mib corrections
	* src/mibs/OPENSS7-SCCP2-MIB.mib: mib corrections
	* src/mibs/OPENSS7-SMI-MIB.mib: mib corrections
	* src/mibs/OPENSS7-SMI.mib: mib corrections
	* src/mibs/OPENSS7-TCAP-MIB.mib: mib corrections
	* src/mibs/OPENSS7-TCAP2-MIB.mib: mib corrections
	* src/mibs/OPENSS7-O248-MIB.mib: added mib
	* src/mibs/OPENSS7-SDH-OM-MIB.mib: added mib
	* src/mibs/OPENSS7-SDHM-MIB.mib: added mib
	* src/mibs/OPENSS7-SFP-MIB.mib: added mib
	* src/mibs/OPENSS7-SFP-OM-MIB.mib: added mib
	* src/snmp/makestubs: added SFP-MIB and SFP-OM-MIB to makefile

2010-04-01  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* src/drivers/isup.c: fix missing ISUP_PT_SVACT

2010-02-22  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* configure.ac: added makefiles
	* doc/papers/Makefile.am: added subdirectories
	* doc/projects/Makefile.am: added subdirectories
	* doc/projects/carrier/carrier.texi: spelling
	* scripts/texi/macros.texi: don't indent
	* src/drivers/isup.c: added ANSI parameters
	* src/include/ss7/isupi.h: spelling

	* doc/papers/optranex/.cvsignore: added doc files
	* doc/papers/optranex/fig01.fig: added doc files
	* doc/papers/optranex/Makefile.am: added doc files
	* doc/papers/optranex/optranex.bib: added doc files
	* doc/papers/optranex/optranex_fig01.fig: added doc files
	* doc/papers/optranex/optranex.tex: added doc files
	* doc/papers/optranex/org.css: added doc files

	* doc/specs/mgi/.cvsignore: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/Makefile.am: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgcp.h: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi01.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi01.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi02.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi02.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi03.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi03.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi04.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi04.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi05.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi05.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi06.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi06.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi07.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi07.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi08.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi08.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi09.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi09.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi10.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi10.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi11.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi11.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi12.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi12.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi13.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi13.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi14.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi14.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi15.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi15.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi16.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi16.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi17.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi17.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib1.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib1.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib2.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib2.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib3.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib3.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib4.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib4.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib5.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib5.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib6.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib6.txt: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib7.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib8.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgib9.fig: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgit01.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgit02.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/specs/mgi/mgi.texi: added doc files

	* doc/projects/pgw/.cvsignore: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/Makefile.am: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgst13.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw01.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw02.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw03.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw04.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw05.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw06.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw07.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw08.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw09.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw10.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw11.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw12.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw13.jpg: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw13.png: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw14.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw15.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwcallflow.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwether.fig: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt01.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt02.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt03.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt04.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt05.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt06.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt07.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt08.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt09.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt10.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt11.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt12.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt13.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt14.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt15.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt16.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt17.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt18.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt19.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt20.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt21.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt22.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt23.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt24.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt25.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt26.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt27.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt28.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt29.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgwt30.tbl: added doc files
	* doc/projects/pgw/pgw.texi: added doc files


2009-09-08  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* .pkgpatchlevel: bumped patch level
	* AUTHORS: updates for release
	* Makefile.am: removed dependency on CONFIG_HEADER
	* NEWS: updates for release
	* README: updates for release
	* THANKS: updates for release
	* po/de.po: updates for release
	* scripts/modpost.awk: ensure struct_module is undefined
	* scripts/strconf.awk: don't use symbolic links unless necessary
	* scripts/streams_mkdev: never use symbolic links

2009-05-05  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- Initial release of combined package.

-----

Copyright (c) 2008-2010  Monavacon Limited <http://www.monavacon.com/>
Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2001  Brian F. G. Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>

All Rights Reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; version 3 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Affero General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along
with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>, or write to the
Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.


U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software on
behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following provisions apply
to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department of Defense ("DoD"), it
is classified as "Commercial Computer Software" under paragraph 252.227-7014
of the DoD Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any
successor regulations) and the Government is acquiring only the license rights
granted herein (the license rights customarily provided to non-Government
users).  If the Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government
other than DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor regulations) or, in
the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the NASA Supplement to the FAR
(or any successor regulations).


Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from OpenSS7
Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

vim: ft=changelog tw=80 com=fb\:*,fb\:- fo+=tcqlorn nocin nosi
