OpenSS7 Master Package -- history of user visible changes.  2009-05-04
$Id: NEWS,v 0.9.2.72 2009-04-19 00:28:25 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2008-2009  Monavacon Limited. <http://www.monavacon.com/>
Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2001  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

The sections that follow provide information on OpenSS7 releases of the
`OpenSS7 Master Package' package.

 Major changes for release openss7-0.9.2.F.20090405
---------------------------------------------------

This is the seventh `OpenSS7 Project' release of the `OpenSS7 Master
Package' package.  For a sub-package listing, see `README'
(http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/openss7/README) in the release.  Most
of the sub-packages in the release are production grade for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS'.(1)  All existing validation test suites run clean on
supported distributions, production kernels and architectures.

The original intention was that the `OpenSS7 Master Package' package
not be released as often as subpackages and, indeed, newer subpackages
can be strapped into the master package and built automatically.
However, in reality, the `OpenSS7 Master Package' package has been
released as often as the subpackages.  To rebuild the master package
with a new sub-package release, simply replace the directory to which
the sub-package belongs with the unpackged sub-package reelase and then
rebuild the master package.  This release provides support for recent
distributions, production kernels and tool chains.  The release also
provides support for significiant new features in the sub-packages.

Major features since the last public release are:

   - Deprecated sub-packages have been excluded from the master package
     release.  The excluded sub-packages are:

         - `sctp-0.2.27.20090405'
         - `iperf-2.0.8.20090405'
         - `netperf-2.3.7.20090405'
         - `osr61-0.9.2.3.20090405'

   - Documentation license upgraded to GFDL 1.3.

   - Updated tool chain to `m4-1.4.13', `automake-1.10.2',
     `bison-2.4.1', `libtool-2.2.6a', `texinfo-4.13a'.

   - Addition of the following sub-packages:

         - `stratm-0.9.2.1.20090405'

   - Addition of the `stratm' sub-package to the master build and
     release that now includes all of the ATM components that were
     previously part of the `strss7' sub-package.

   - Significant feature updates were made to:

         - `strchan-0.9.2.4.20090405'
         - `strsock-0.9.2.4.20090405'
         - `strnsl-0.9.2.4.20090405'
         - `sigtran-0.9.2.4.20090405'

   - Significant rework of the `strchan' sub-package into the `strss7',
     `strisdn', `strx25' and `striso' packages.  One single driver now
     meets the needs of all sub-packages.

   - Completion of the `strsock' package, moves from pre-alpha to beta.

   - The `strnsl' subpackage moves from alpha to production.

   - Significant completion of the `sigtran' package: all components
     moved back to production.


_This is a public, stable, production grade release of the package: it
deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade to the current release
before reporting bugs._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
`rpm(8)' and `dpkg(1)' based distributions, and can be used on
production kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released strictly under the `GNU Affero
General Public License Version 3'; however, commercial licensing is
available.  The release is available as an `autoconf(1)' tarball, SRPM,
DSC, and a set of binary RPMs and DEBs for popular distributions.  See
the package page (http://www.openss.org/openss7_pkg.html) for the
`autoconf(1)' tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the
repository page (http://www.openss7.org/repos.html) for information
concerning network installation and update sources.

See
`http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/openss7-0.9.2.F.20090405/ChangeLog'
and `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/openss7-0.9.2.F.20090405/NEWS' in
the release for more information.  Also, see the `openss7.pdf' manual
in the release (also in html
(http://www.openss7.org/openss7_manual.html)).

For the news release, see `http://www.openss7.org/rel2009XXXX_L.html'.

---------- Footnotes ----------

(1) Sub-packages are no longer supported on the deprecated `LiS' STREAMS
package.

 Major changes for release openss7-0.9.2.G
------------------------------------------

This is the sixth public release of the OpenSS7 Master Package.  See
`README' in the release for a sub-package listing.  Most of the
sub-packages in the release are production grade for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS'.  All existing validation test suites run clean on
supported distributions and architectures.

The `OpenSS7 Master Package' is not released as often as the
sub-packages.  As sub-packages are released more often, to rebuild the
master package with a new sub-package release, simply replace the
directory to which the sub-package belongs with the unpacked
sub-package release and then rebuild the master package.  This release
provides support for recent distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - License upgrade to `AGPL Version 3'.

   - Modifications to build under `Fedora' `2.6.22.5-49' kernel.  These
     changes also support `2.6.22.9-91.fc7' kernel.  Modifications to
     build under `Fedora' `2.6.25-45.fc9' and `2.6.26.5-45.fc9' kernels.
     Documented `lib32gcc1' problem on Ubuntu.  Noted problem running
     under XEN kernels.  XEN kernels are not yet supported.  Added
     `MODULE_VERSION' to all modules and drivers.

   - Ability to strap out major documentation build and installation
     primarily for embedded targets.  Improvements to common build
     process for embedded and cross-compile targets.  Cross-compile
     fixes (strap out `AC_FUNC_REALLOC' macro when cross-compiling).
     Conversion of RPM spec files to common approach for major
     subpackages.

     Build system now builds `yum(8)' repositories for RPMs and
     `apt-get(8)' repositories for DEBs.  Installation documentation
     has been updated to include details of repository install
     sourcesref.

   - Higher performance and updated performance papers.

   - Updated tool chain to `m4-1.4.12', `autoconf-2.63' and
     `texinfo-4.13'.  Support for `flex 2.5.33' in maintainer mode.

   - Updated references database for manual pages and roff documents.

   - Added the following major sub-packages to the master build (and
     release):

         - `strx25-0.9.2.1'

   - All of the major subpackages that are at production release have
     maintenance upgrades for new production kernels, distributions and
     tool chains.  Many of the major subpackages have greatly expanded
     documentation and provide additional modules and drivers not
     previously available in public releases.  Significant feature
     updates were made to:

         - `strxns-0.9.2.7'
         - `strinet-0.9.2.7'
         - `strchan-0.9.2.4'
         - `strx25-0.9.2.1'
         - `striso-0.9.2.4'
         - `strss7-0.9a.8'
         - `sigtran-0.9.2.4'

     Please see the individual `NEWS' files in each of the subpackages
     for more information.


_This is a public stable production grade release of the package: it
deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade to the current release
before reporting bugs._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
RPM- and DPKG-based distributions, and can be used on production
kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released under the `GNU Affero General Public
License Version 3'.  The release is available as an `autoconf' tarball,
SRPM, DSC, and set of binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the downloads page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html) for the `autoconf' tarballs,
SRPMs and DSCs.  For tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs,
see the openss7 package page (http://www.openss7.org/openss7_pkg.html).

See
`http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/openss7-0.9.2.F.20090405/ChangeLog'
and `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/openss7-0.9.2.F.20090405/NEWS' in
the release for more information.  Also, see the `openss7.pdf' manual
in the release (also in html
`http://www.openss7.org/openss7_manual.html').

For the news release, see `http://www.openss7.org/rel20081029_L.html'.

 Major changes for release openss7-0.9.2.F
------------------------------------------

This is the fifth public release of the OpenSS7 Master Package.  See
`README' in the release for a sub-package listing.  Most of the
sub-packages in the release are production grade for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS'.  All existing validation test suites run clean on
supported distributions and architectures.

The `OpenSS7 Master Package' is not released as often as the
sub-packages.  As sub-packages are released more often, to rebuild the
master package with a new sub-package release, simply replace the
directory to which the sub-package belongs with the unpacked
sub-package release and then rebuild the master package.  This release
provides support for recent distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Support build on openSUSE 10.2.

   - Support build on Fedora 7 and 2.6.21 kernel.

   - Support build on CentOS 5.0 (RHEL5).

   - Support build on Ubuntu 7.04.

   - Updated to gettext 0.16.1.

   - Changes to support build on 2.6.20-1.2307.fc5 and
     2.6.20-1.2933.fc6 kernel.

   - Supports build on Fedora Core 6.

   - Support for recent distributions and tool chains.


 Major changes for release openss7-0.9.2.E
------------------------------------------

This is the fourth public release of the OpenSS7 Master Package.  See
`README' in the release for a sub-package listing.  Most of the
sub-packages in the release are production grade for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS'.  All existing validation test suites run clean on
supported distributions and architectures.

It is unlikely that the `OpenSS7 Master Package' will be released as
frequently as before.  Sub-packages will be released more often.  To
rebuild the master package with a new sub-package release, simply
replace the directory to which the sub-package belongs with the
unpacked sub-package release and then rebuild the master package.  This
release provides support for recent distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Addition of the `osr61' sub-package that contains Dialogic(R) Open
     System Release 6.1 version 239 GPL drivers.

   - A few minor corrections to the common build process.

   - Support for autoconf 2.61, automake 1.10 and gettext 0.16.

   - Support for Ubuntu 6.10 distribution and bug fixes for i386
     kernels.

   - The package now looks for subpackages with a version number as
     unpacked by separate tarball.


 Major changes for release openss7-0.9.2.D
------------------------------------------

This is the fourth public release of the OpenSS7 Master Package.  The
sub-packages have been reorganized for this release.  See `README' in
the release for a sub-package listing.  Aside from sub-package
reorganization, the major difference from previous release is that this
release no longer contains `LiS'.  Too many of the sub-packages will
not even build against `LiS' because of its Stream head deficiencies.

Most of the sub-packages in the release are production grade for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS'.  All existing validation test suites run clean on
supported distributions and architectures.  The packages build better
Debian/Ubuntu .deb files.

It is unlikely that the `OpenSS7 Master Package' will be released as
frequently as before.  Sub-packages will be released more often.  To
rebuild the master package with a new sub-package release, simply
replace the directory to which the sub-package belongs with the
unpacked sub-package release and then rebuild the master package.

The release provides the following enhancements and fixes:

   - Added the following sub-packages to the master build (and release):

         - `strnsl-0.9.2.1'
         - `strbcm-0.9.2.1'
         - `striso-0.9.2.1'
         - `strsock-0.9.2.1'
         - `strtty-0.9.2.1'
         - `strutil-0.9.2.1'

   - Automated release file generation making for vastly improved and
     timely text documentation present in the release directory.

   - This release candidate includes the changes made to the strsctp
     drivers at the 2006 SCTP Interop at the University of British
     Columbia.  This version was interoperability tested with all
     implementations present.

   - Better support for Ubuntu and recent `gcc' compilers, including
     debian script corrections.

   - Support for most recent 2.6.18 kernels (including Fedora Core 5
     with inode diet patchset).

   - Now builds 32-bit compatibility libraries and tests them against
     64-bit kernel modules and drivers.  The `make installcheck' target
     will now automatically test both 64-bit native and 32-bit
     compatibility versions, one after the other, on 64-bit platforms.

   - Added versions to all library symbols.

   - Many documentation updates for all OpenSS7 packages.

   - Dropped support for `LiS'.

   - Start assigning majors at major device number 231 instead of major
     device number 230.  Assign major device number 230 explicitly to
     the clone device.  Package will now support extended ranges of
     minor devices on 2.6 kernels under Linux Fast-STREAMS only.
     `streams' now supports expanded addressable minor device numbers,
     permitting 2^16 addressable minor devices per major device number
     on 2.6 kernels:  LiS cannot support this change.

   - Better detection of SuSE distributions, release numbers and SLES
     distributions: support for additional SuSE distributions on ix86
     as well as x86_64.  Added distribution support includes SLES 9,
     SLES 9 SP2, SLES 9 SP3, SLES 10, SuSE 10.1.

   - Improvide compiler flag generation and optimizations for recent
     `gcc' compilers and some idiosyncratic beahviour for some
     distributions (primarily SuSE).

   - Optimized compilation is now available also for user level
     programs in addition to kernel programs.  Added new
     `--with-optimize' option to `configure' to accomplish this.

   - Added `--disable-devel' `configure' option to suppress building
     and installing development environment.  This feature is for
     embedded or pure runtime targets that do not need the development
     environment (static libraries, manual pages, documentation).

   - Added `send-pr' script for automatic problem report generation.

   - Each package will not build `doxygen(1)' html documentation with
     the `make doxy' target.  See `make help' or `README-make' in the
     distribution for more information.


 Major changes for release openss7-0.9.2.D.rc3
----------------------------------------------

Third release candidate.

   - The package will now build doxygen(1) html documentation with the
     'doxy' make target.  See 'make help' or README-make in the
     distribution for more information.

   - Now builds 32-bit compatibility libraries and tests them against
     64-bit kernel modules and drivers.  The `make installcheck' target
     will now automatically test both 64-bit native and 32-bit
     compatibility versions, one after the other, on 64-bit platforms.

   - Added complete documentation and `Installation and Reference
     Manual' for the `OpenSS7 Master Package' (this manual).

   - Added the following sub-packages to the master build (and release):

         - `strbcm-0.9.2.1'
         - `striso-0.9.2.1'
         - `strsock-0.9.2.1'
         - `strtty-0.9.2.1'
         - `strutil-0.9.2.1'

   - Automated release file generation making for vastly improved and
     timely text documentation present in the release directory.

   - Dropped support for `LiS'.

   - Sub-packages will now support extended ranges of minor devices on
     2.6 kernels under `Linux Fast-STREAMS' only.

   - This release candidate provides support for additional SuSE
     distributions on ix86 as well as x86_64.  Added distribution
     support includes SLES 9, SLES 9 SP2, SLES 9 SP3, SLES 10, SuSE
     10.1.

   - This release candidate includes the changes made to the strsctp
     drivers at the 2006 SCTP Interop at the University of British
     Columbia.  This version was interoperability tested with all
     implementations present.

This was an subscriber release.

 Major changes for release openss7-0.9.2.D.rc2
----------------------------------------------

Second release candidate.

This release candidate also contains the results of performance testing
of the new second generation UDP driver (implemented completely in
STREAMS instead of using an internal socket).

This release candidate also contains support for SuSE 10.1.

This was an subscriber release.

 Major changes for release openss7-0.9.2.Drc1
---------------------------------------------

First release candidate.

   - Release candidate for Mark Fugate.

   - Added -enable-devel configure option for embedded targets.

   - Added send-pr script for automatic problem report generation.

This was an subscriber release.

 Major changes for release openss7-0.9.2.C
------------------------------------------

Distribution check for entire master package.  Trying to get master
package into form where it can be released as a complete package.

This was a public release.

 Major changes for release openss7-0.9.2.B
------------------------------------------

Minor changes for wider release, better master packaging and bug fixes.

This was a public release.

 Major changes for release openss7-0.9.2.A
------------------------------------------

With this release version numbers were changed to reflect an upstream
version only to be consistent with other OpenSS7 package releases.  All
RPM release numbers will be -1$(PACKAGE_RPMEXTRA) and all Debian
release numbers will be `_0'.  If you wish to apply patches and release
the package, please bump up the release number and apply a suitable
release suffix for your organization.  We leave Debian release number
_1 reserved for your use, so you can still bundle the source in the
.dsc file.

Major changes for this release include build against Linux 2.6 kernels
and popular distributions based on the 2.6 kernel as well as wider
distribution support.

This was a public release.

 Initial release openss7-0.9.2-1
--------------------------------

Initial autoconf/RPM release of the OpenSS7 master package.

This master package contains all other OpenSS7 releases.

-----

=========================================================================

 Copyright (c) 2008-2009  Monavacon Limited  <http://www.monavacon.com/>
 Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation  <http://www.openss7.com/>
 Copyright (c) 1997-2001  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

 All Rights Reserved.

 Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
 manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
 preserved on all copies.

 Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
 manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
 entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
 permission notice identical to this one

 Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
 manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
 responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
 the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
 have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
 which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
 professionally.

 Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by the
 source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

 U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software
 on behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following
 provisions apply to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department
 of Defense ("DoD"), it is classified as "Commercial Computer Software"
 under paragraph 252.227-7014 of the DoD Supplement to the Federal
 Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any successor regulations) and
 the Government is acquiring only the license rights granted herein (the
 license rights customarily provided to non-Government users).  If the
 Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government other than
 DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
 Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19
 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor
 regulations) or, in the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the
 NASA Supplement to the FAR (or any successor regulations).

=========================================================================

 Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from
 OpenSS7 Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

=========================================================================
vim: ft=README tw=72 nocindent nosmartindent formatoptions+=tcqlorn
