OpenSS7 X.25 Networking -- history of user visible changes.  2008-10-31
$Id: NEWS,v 0.9.2.22 2008-11-04 09:07:35 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

The sections that follow provide information on OpenSS7 releases of the
`OpenSS7 X.25 Networking' package.

 Initial release strx25-strx25-0.9.2.1
--------------------------------------

This is the second separate `OpenSS7 Project' release of the
`OpenSS7 X.25 Networking' package.  The package contains modules and
drivers formerly part of the `strss7' and `striso' packages and which
have been moved to this subpackage.

With `OpenSS7 Master Package' release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the X.25 and
Frame Relay components were separated from the `strss7' package and
placed into the `striso' package.  With release `openss7-0.9.2.G', the
X.25 and Frame Relay components were separated from the `striso'
package and placed into this package.  All previous X.25 and Frame
Relay components have been strapped into this release and have been
revalidated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' using validation test suites.
See `TODO' in the release, or `Schedule',in the manual, for more
information about release schedule.

This is a beta release and is part of the `OpenSS7 Master Package'
(`openss7-0.9.2.G'|).

Major features since the last public release are:

   - Includes all X.25 drivers and modules.  Drivers include WAN, LLC2,
     LAPB, LLI and NLI.  Conversion modules are also provided for CDI,
     DLPI, NPI and TPI.  An XX25 module is provided for OpenGroup
     standard use with the XTI/TLI library from the `strxnet' package.
     CONS module for use of X.25 by the `striso' package.

   - Includes all Frame Relay drivers and modules.  Drivers include the
     Frame Relay driver, `fr(4)', IP over FR driver, `ifr(4)',
     Multi-Protocol over FR Encapsulation driver, `mfe(4)',

   - Full conformance validation test suites for each protocol
     components.

   - Full management an SNMP agents for all of the protocol layers.
     Integration of SNMP management with the OpenSS7 SNMP management
     tool.


_This is a public, stable, production grade release of the package: it
deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade to the current release
before reporting bugs._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
`rpm(8)' and `dpkg(1)' based distributions, and can be used on
production kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released strictly under the `GNU Affero
General Public License Version 3'; however, commercial licensing is
available.  The release is available as an `autoconf(1)' tarball, SRPM,
DSC, and a set of binary RPMs and DEBs for popular distributions.  See
the package page (http://www.openss.org/strx25_pkg.html) for the
`autoconf(1)' tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the
repository page (http://www.openss7.org/repos.html) for information
concerning network installation and update sources.

See ChangeLog
(http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strx25-0.9.2.1/ChangeLog) and NEWS
(http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strx25-0.9.2.1/NEWS) in the release
for more information.  Also, see the `strx25.pdf' manual in the release
(also in html (http://www.openss7.org/strx25_manual.html)).

For the news release, see `http://www.openss7.org/rel20081029_M.html'.

 Initial release strx25-0.9.2.1
-------------------------------

Initial autoconf/RPM packaging of the `strx25' release.

This is the initial open source release of the `OpenSS7 X.25
Networking' package.  This release contains modules and drivers
formerly only available with Commercial releases of the `strss7'
package and which are only recently available as open source with the
release of this package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the ISO/OSI
components were separated from the `strss7' package and placed in this
package.  Not all of the ISO/OSI components previously part of the
`strss7' package have been strapped into this release.  Components will
be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a module-by-module and
driver-by-driver basis.  See `TODO' in the release, or `Schedule',in
the manual, for information about the release schedule.

In this initial release, the major component first available is LAPB.
`lapb(4)' is a pushable "STREAMS" module that is pushed over a `cdi(4)'
HDLC channel to form an X.25 data link providing the Data Link Provider
Interface, `dlpi(7)'.  A complete test suite will be available in a
further release.

Subsequent releases in 4Q 2008 will include the additional full ISO/OSI
X.25< CONS, CLNS, and TP0 through TP4, drivers with conformance test
suites.

