OpenSS7 X.25 Networking -- read me first file.  2008-05-04
$Id: README,v 0.9.2.3 2008-05-04 16:16:57 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

 OpenSS7 X.25 Networking
========================

Package strx25-0.9.2.1 was released under AGPLv3 2008-05-04.

`OpenSS7 X.25 Networking' (`strx25') is an `OpenSS7 Project'
implementation of various X.25 networking components for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS'.

This release is the first separate release of the `OpenSS7 X.25
Networking' package.  Some of the components in this package were
formerly present in the `strss7' package.  Various networking drivers
are provided as well as CDI, DLPI, NPI, TPI and XTI header files for
X.25 operation.  The package contains the necessary manual pages and
other documentation for X.25 components in a separate autoconf tarball.

The package uses the following standard `Open Systems Interconnect
(OSI)' conforming header files from the `strxns' package:

     - `<sys/cdi.h>' `Communications Device Interface'
     - `<sys/dlpi.h>' `Data Link Provider Interface Revision 2.0.0'
     - `<sys/npi.h>' `Network Provider Interface Revision 2.0.0'

The package uses the following standard `Open Systems Interconnect
(OSI)' conforming header files from the `strxnet' package:

     - `<sys/tihdr.h>' `Transport Provider Interface Revision 2.0.0'

The package currently includes the following "STREAMS" kernel modules
and drivers:

     - `streams_x223.ko'    `/dev/cons'
     - `streams_x233.ko'    `/dev/clns'
     - `streams_x224.ko'    `/dev/tp0' `/dev/tp4'
     - `streams_X234.ko'    `/dev/clts'
     - `streams_isot.ko'    `module' `/dev/isot'
     - `streams_lpp.ko'     `module' `/dev/lpp'
     - `streams_cmot.ko'    `module' `/dev/cmot'
     - `streams_itot.ko'    `module'
     - `streams_itos.ko'    `module'

   * `x223(4)' driver provides "CONS" and "CLNS" services in accordance
     with the `ISO/OSI Network Protocol X.223';

   * `x224(4)' driver provides "OSI Transport Protocol" services in
     accordance with the `ISO/OSI Transport Protocol X.224';

   * `isot(4)' driver and module provides "ISO Transport over TCP/IP"
     as specified in `RFC 1006/STD 35';

   * `lpp(4)' driver and module provides "ISO Transport over TCP/IP" as
     specified in `RFC 1085';

   * `cmot(4)' driver and modules provides "ISO Common Management
     Information Protocol (CMIP) over TCP/IP" as specified in `RFC
     1095';

   * `itot(4)' module provides "ISO Transport over TCP" as specified in
     `RFC 2126'; and,

   * `itos(4)' module provides "ISO Transport over SCTP".

The `OpenSS7 X.25 Networking' package includes kernel modules, `SVR
4.2' "STREAMS" drivers, modules, libraries, utilities, test programs,
daemons, and development environment for the development and execution
of `X/Open Network Services (ISO)' protocol stack components and
applications for the `SVR 4.2' "STREAMS" environment.

This distribution is only currently applicable to `Linux' 2.4 and 2.6
kernels and was targeted at `ix86', `x86_64', `ppc' and `ppc64'
architectures, but should build and install for other architectures as
well.

 Release
--------

This is the `strx25-0.9.2.1' package, released 2008-05-04.  This
`0.9.2.1' release, and the latest version, can be obtained from the
download area (http://www.openss7.org/download.html) of The OpenSS7
Project website using a command such as:

     $> wget http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/strx25-0.9.2.1.tar.bz2

The release is available as an `autoconf(1)' tarball, `src.rpm' or
`dsc', or as a set of binary `rpm's or `deb's.  See the download page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html) for the `autoconf(1)' tarballs,
`src.rpm's or `dsc's.  See the `strx25' package page
(http://www.openss7.org/strx25_pkg.html) for tarballs, source and
binary packages.

Please see the `NEWS' file for release notes and history of user
visible changes for the current version, and the `ChangeLog' file for a
more detailed history of implementation changes.  The `TODO' file lists
features not yet implemented and other outstanding items.

Please see the `INSTALL', `INSTALL-strx25' and `README-make', files (or
see `Installation', in the manual) for installation instructions.

When working from `cvs(1)' or `git(1)', please see the `README-cvs',
file (or see `Downloading from CVS', in the manual).  An abbreviated
installation procedure that works for most applications appears below.

This release of the package is published strictly under Version 3 of
the `GNU Affero Public License' which can be found in the file
`COPYING'.  Package specific licensing terms (if any) can be found in
the file `LICENSES'.  Please respect these licensing arrangements.  If
you are interested in different licensing terms, please contact the
copyright holder, or OpenSS7 Corporation <sales@openss7.com>.

See `README-alpha' (if it exists) for alpha release information.

 Prerequisites
--------------

The quickest and easiest way to ensure that all prerequisites are met
is to download and install this package from within the `OpenSS7 Master
Package', `openss7-0.9.2.G', instead of separately.

Prerequisites for the OpenSS7 X.25 Networking package are as follows:

  1. `Linux' distribution, somewhat `Linux Standards Base' compliant,
     with a 2.4 or 2.6 kernel and the appropriate tool chain for
     compiling out-of-tree kernel modules.  Most recent `Linux'
     distributions are usable out of the box, but some development
     packages must be installed.  For more information, see
     `Compatibility', in the manual.

         - A fairly LSB compliant GNU/Linux distribution.(1)
         - Linux 2.4 kernel (2.4.10 - 2.4.27), or
         - Linux 2.6 kernel (2.6.3 - 2.6.22);
         - glibc2 or better.
         - GNU groff (for man pages).(2)
         - GNU texinfo (for info files).
         - GNU bison and flex (for config programs).
         - net-snmp (for SNMP agents).(3)

(Note: If you acquired `strx25' a part of the `OpenSS7 Master Package',
then the dependencies listed below will already have been met by
unpacking the master package.)

  2. `OpenSS7 Linux Fast-STREAMS', streams-0.9.2.4
     (http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/streams-0.9.2.4.tar.bz2).  (4)

  3. `OpenSS7 STREAMS Compatibility Modules',
     strcompat-0.9.2.7
     (http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/strcompat-0.9.2.7.tar.bz2).

  4. `OpenSS7 STREAMS XNS', strxns-0.9.2.7
     (http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/strxns-0.9.2.7.tar.bz2).

  5. `OpenSS7 STREAMS XTI/TLI', strxnet-0.9.2.12
     (http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/strxnet-0.9.2.12.tar.bz2).

  6. `OpenSS7 STREAM Network Services Library', strnsl-0.9.2.4
     (http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/strnsl-0.9.2.4.tar.bz2).
     (Optional.)

  7. `OpenSS7 STREAMS Sockets', strsock-0.9.2.4
     (http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/strsock-0.9.2.4.tar.bz2).
     (Optional.)

  8. `OpenSS7 STREAMS INET', strinet-0.9.2.7
     (http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/strinet-0.9.2.7.tar.bz2).

  9. `OpenSS7 STREAMS SCTP', strsctp-0.9.2.9
     (http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/strsctp-0.9.2.9.tar.bz2).

 10. `OpenSS7 STREAMS Channels', strchan-0.9.2.4
     (http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/strchan-0.9.2.4.tar.bz2).

When configuring and building multiple `OpenSS7 Project' release
packages, place all of the source packages (unpacked tarballs) at the
same directory level and all build directories at the same directory
level (e.g. all source packages under `/usr/src').

When installing packages that install as kernel modules, it is
necessary to have the correct kernel development package installed.
For the following distributions, use the following commands:

     Ubuntu:  $> apt-get install linux-headers
     Debian:  $> apt-get install kernel-headers
     Fedora:  $> yum install kernel-devel

You also need the same version of `gcc(1)' compiler with which the
kernel was built.  If it is not the default, add `CC=kgcc' on the line
after `./configure', for example:

     $> ../strx25-0.9.2.1/configure CC='gcc-3.4'

 Installation
-------------

The following commands will download, configure, build, check, install,
validate, uninstall and remove the package:

     $> wget http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/strx25-0.9.2.1.tar.bz2
     $> tar -xjvf strx25-0.9.2.1.tar.bz2
     $> mkdir build
     $> pushd build
     $> ../strx25-0.9.2.1/configure --enable-autotest
     $> make
     $> make check
     $> sudo make install
     $> sudo make installcheck
     $> sudo make uninstall
     $> popd
     $> sudo rm -rf build
     $> rm -rf strx25-0.9.2.1
     $> rm -f strx25-0.9.2.1.tar.bz2

If you have problems, try building with the logging targets instead.
If the make of a logging target fails, an automatic problem report will
be generated that can be mailed to The OpenSS7 Project
<bugs@openss7.org>.(5) Installation steps using the logging targets
proceed as follows:

     $> wget http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/strx25-0.9.2.1.tar.bz2
     $> tar -xjvf strx25-0.9.2.1.tar.bz2
     $> mkdir build
     $> pushd build
     $> ../strx25-0.9.2.1/configure --enable-autotest
     $> make compile.log
     $> make check.log
     $> sudo make install.log
     $> sudo make installcheck.log
     $> sudo make uninstall.log
     $> popd
     $> sudo rm -rf build
     $> rm -rf strx25-0.9.2.1
     $> rm -f strx25-0.9.2.1.tar.bz2

See `README-make' for additional specialized make targets.

For custom applications, see the `INSTALL' and `INSTALL-strx25' files
or the see `Installation', in the manual, as listed below.  If you
encounter troubles, see `Troubleshooting', in the manual, before
issuing a bug report.

 Brief Installation Instructions
--------------------------------

The OpenSS7 X.25 Networking package is available from the downloads
area of The OpenSS7 Project website
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html) using a command such as:

     $> wget http://www.openss7.org/tarballs/strx25-0.9.2.1.tar.bz2

Unpack the tarball using a command such as:

     $> tar -xjvf strx25-0.9.2.1.tar.bz2

The tarball will unpack into the relative subdirectory named after the
package name: strx25-0.9.2.1.

The package builds using the GNU `autoconf' utilities and the
`configure' script.  To build the package, we recommend using a
separate `build' directory as follows:

     $> mkdir build
     $> cd build
     $> ../strx25-0.9.2.1/configure

In general, the package configures and builds without adding any
special options to the `configure' script.  For general options to the
`configure' script, see the GNU `INSTALL' file in the distribution:

     $> less ../strx25-0.9.2.1/INSTALL

For specific options to the `configure' script, see the `INSTALL-strx25'
file in the distribution, or simply execute the configure script with
the `--help' option like so:

     $> ../strx25-0.9.2.1/configure --help

After configuring the package, the package can be compiled simply by
issuing the `make' command:

     $> make

Some specialized makefile targets exists, see the `README-make' file in
the distribution or simply invoke the `help' target like so:

     $> make help | less

After successfully building the package, the package can be checked by
invoking the `check' make target like so:

     $> make check

After successfully checking the package, the package can be installed
by invoking the `install' make target (as root) like so:

     $> sudo make install

The test suites that ship with the package can be invoked after the
package has been installed by invoking the `installcheck' target.  This
target can either be invoked as root, or as a normal user, like so:

     $> make installcheck

(Note: you must add the `--enable-autotest' flag to `configure', above
for the test suites to be invoked with `make installcheck'.)

The package can be cleanly removed by invoking the `uninstall' target
(as root):

     $> sudo make uninstall

Then the build directory and tarball can be simply removed:

     $> cd ..
     $> rm -rf build
     $> rm -rf strx25-0.9.2.1
     $> rm -f strx25-0.9.2.1.tar.bz2

 Detailed Installation Instructions
-----------------------------------

More detailed installation instructions can be found in the
`Installation', in the manual, contained in the distribution in `text',
`info', `html' and `pdf' formats:

     $> cd ../strx25-0.9.2.1
     $> less doc/manual/strx25.txt
     $> lynx doc/manual/strx25.html
     $> info doc/manual/strx25.info
     $> xpdf doc/manual/strx25.pdf

The `text' version of the manual is always available in the `MANUAL'
file in the release.

The current manual is also always available online from `The OpenSS7
Project' website at:

     $> lynx http://www.openss7.org/strx25_manual.html

---------- Footnotes ----------

(1) See `GNU/Linux Distributions', in the manual, for more information.

(2) If you are using a Debian release, please make sure to install the
groff extension package (`groff_ext'), as it contains the `refer' or
`grefer' commands necessary for including references in the manual
pages.

(3) A wide range of net-snmp releases are supported, from UCD-SNMP
4.2.5 through net-snmp 5.4.

(4) Although, at one time, this package supported `LiS', `LiS' is now
deprecated and unsupported.

(5) Please see `Problem Reports', in the manual, or the file `PROBLEMS'
in the release directory for more information on filing a proper
"Problem Report".

