OpenSS7 STREAMS Channels -- history of user visible changes.  2007-02-13
$Id: NEWS,v 0.9.2.8 2007/01/09 11:25:34 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2001-2007  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

The sections that follow provide information on OpenSS7 releases of the
OpenSS7 STREAMS Channels package.

 Major changes for release strchan-0.9.2.2
------------------------------------------

This is the second separate release from `The OpenSS7 Project' of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Channels' package.  The package provides components
that were previously part of the `strss7' package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss-0.9.2.D', the Channel
components were separated from the `strss7' package and placed in this
package.  Not all of the Channel components previously part of the
`strss7' package have been strapped into this release.  Components will
be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a module-by-module and
driver-by-driver basis.(1) See `TODO' in the release, or `Schedule', in
the manual, for more information about the release schedule.

This is the second pre-alpha release for `Linux Fast-STREAMS' and is an
optional part of the OpenSS7 Master Package (as of `openss7-0.9.2.D').
This release is a maintenance release providing support for recent
distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Support for autoconf 2.61 and gettext 0.16.

   - Support for Ubuntu 6.10 distribution and bug fixes for i386 kenels.

   - The package now looks for other subpackages with a version number
     as unpacked by separate tarball.


---------- Footnotes ----------

(1) Note that no component in this package can be supported by `LiS':
`LiS' is simply too slow to allow these drivers to acheive any degree
of efficiency necessary for proper operation.

 Major changes for release strchan-0.9.2.1
------------------------------------------

This is the first separate release from `The OpenSS7 Project' of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Channels' package.  The package provides components
that were previously part of the `strss7' package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss-0.9.2.D', the Channel
components were separated from the `strss7' package and placed in this
package.  Not all of the Channel components previously part of the
`strss7' package have been strapped into this release.  Components will
be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a module-by-module and
driver-by-driver basis.(1) See `TODO' in the release, or `Schedule', in
the manual, for more information about the release schedule.

In this initial release, the major component first available is the
V401P channel driver.  In contrast to the X400P-SS7 driver from the
`strss7' package, this driver provides enhanced support for audio
channels and the basis for Zaptel integration.  The release also
contains a set of pushable modules for use with the channel driver that
provide HDLC/DAEDR capabilities for channels.  These components do not
as yet have validation test suites.

Subsequent releases in 1Q 2007 will include the additional components
necessary for Media Gateway switching support.

This is the initial pre-alpha release for `Linux Fast-STREAMS' and is an
optional part of the OpenSS7 Master Package (as of `openss7-0.9.2.D').
This release is also the initial public release.

_This is the initial public pre-alpha release of the package.  Please
see `README-alpha' in the release or `Maturity', in the manual._

This package is currently incomplete.  It is being released as a
reference point for the community.  If you are interested in completion
of this package, contact <info@openss7.com>.

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
RPM- and DPKG-based distributions, and can be used on production
kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released under the `GNU General Public License
Version 2'.  The release is available as an `autoconf' tarball, SRPM,
DSC, and set of binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the downloads page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html) for the `autoconf' tarballs,
SRPMs and DSCs.  For tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs,
see the strchan package page (http://www.openss7.org/strchan_pkg.html).

See `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strchan-0.9.2.2/ChangeLog' and
`http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strchan-0.9.2.2/NEWS' in the release
for more information.  Also, see the `strchan.pdf' manual in the
release (also in html `http://www.openss7.org/strchan_manual.html').

For the news release, see `http://www.openss7.org/rel20070108_9.html'.

---------- Footnotes ----------

(1) Note that no component in this package can be supported by `LiS':
`LiS' is simply too slow to allow these drivers to acheive any degree
of efficiency necessary for proper operation.

