OpenSS7 STREAMS Compatibility -- history of user visible changes.  2009-04-04
$Id: NEWS,v 0.9.2.70 2009-04-19 00:28:30 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2008-2009  Monavacon Limited. <http://www.monavacon.com/>
Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2001  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

The sections that follow provide information on OpenSS7 releases of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Compatibility' package.

 Major changes for release strcompat-0.9.2.7.20090405
-----------------------------------------------------

This is the eigth separate `OpenSS7 Project' release of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Compatibility' package.  The package was originally
present in the `Linux Fast-STREAMS' `streams-0.7a.2' release package,
but has been separated for eight releases.  The original objective for
separating this package as a subpackage was to support both the
deprecated `LiS' and `Linux Fast-STREAMS' simultaneously. (These
capabilities were never part of `LiS').

The release is a stable, production grade release for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS' and is part of the `OpenSS7 Master Package'
(`openss7-0.9.2.G.20090405').  The release includes maintenance support
for recent distributions and tool chain, but also includes some
performance and feature upgrades and bug fixes.  It deprecates previous
releases.  Please upgrade before reporting bugs on previous releases.

Major features since the last public release are:

   -
_This is a public stable production grade release of the package: it
deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade to the current release
before reporting bugs._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
`rpm(8)' and `dpkg(1)' based distributions, and can be used on
production kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released strictly under the `GNU Affero
General Public License Version 3'; however, commercial licensing is
available.  The release is available as an `autoconf(1)' tarball, SRPM,
DSC, and a set of binary RPMs and DEBs for popular distributions.  See
the package page (http://www.openss.org/strcompat_pkg.html) for the
`autoconf(1)' tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the
repository page (http://www.openss7.org/repos.html) for information
concerning network installation and update sources.

See ChangeLog
(http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strcompat-0.9.2.7.20090405/ChangeLog)
and NEWS
(http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strcompat-0.9.2.7.20090405/NEWS) in
the release for more information.  Also, see the `strcompat.pdf' manual
in the release (also in html
(http://www.openss7.org/strcompat_manual.html)).

For the news release, see `http://www.openss7.org/rel20081029_J.html'.

 Major changes for release strcompat-0.9.2.6
--------------------------------------------

This is the seventh separate `OpenSS7 Project' release of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Compatibility' package.  The package was originally
present in the `Linux Fast-STREAMS' `streams-0.7a.2' release package,
but has been separated for seven releases.

This release is a stable, production grade release for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS' and is part of the OpenSS7 Master Package
(`openss7-0.9.2.G.20090405').  The release includes maintenance support
for recent distributions and tool chain, but also includes some
performance and feature upgrades and inspection bug fixes.  It
deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade before reporting bugs on
previous releases.

This release is primarily a maintenance release.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Minor documentation corrections.

   - Kernel module license made explicit "GPL v2".  And then changed
     back to "GPL".

   - License upgrade to `AGPL Version 3'.

   - Modifications to build under `Fedora' `2.6.22.5-49' kernel.  These
     changes also support `2.6.22.9-91.fc7' kernel.

   - Ability to strap out major documentation build and installation
     primarily for embedded targets.

   - Improvements to common build process for embedded and
     cross-compile targets.

   - Build corrections for recent `RHAS4' kernels that define
     `irq_handler_t' with a 3 argument function template.

   - Build corrections for `XEN' kernels that define `paddr_t'.

   - Fixes for older 2.4 kernels.

   - Modifications to build under `Fedora' `2.6.25-45.fc9' and
     `2.6.26.5-45.fc9' kernels.

   - Updated tool chain to `m4-1.4.12', `autoconf-2.63' and
     `texinfo-4.13'.

   - Conversion of RPM spec files to common approach for major
     subpackages.

   - Updated references database for manual pages and roff documents.

   - Build system now builds `yum(8)' repositories for RPMs and
     `apt-get(8)' repositories for DEBs.  Installation documentation
     has been updated to include details of repository install
     sourcesref.

   - Added `MODULE_VERSION' to all modules and drivers.

   - Significant rework of the internal implementation of the
     `mpscompat(9)' Mentat Portable STREAMS compatability functions
     that also affects the behaviour of the corresponding
     `osfcompat(9)', `aixcompat(9)', `maccompat(9)' and `hpuxcompat(9)'
     functions that depend on them.  Added documentation for
     `mi_acquire(9)', `mi_acquire_sleep(9)' and `mi_release(9)'; also
     `mi_open_grab(9)' and `mi_close_put(9)'.

     A number of difficulties were discovered by the `OpenSS7 Project'
     in the MPS compatability functions.  See `BUGS' in the release for
     more information.  These the `mpscompat(9)' functions are now used
     extensively by modules and drivers under the `OpenSS7 Project' in
     favor of the previously used `os7compat(9)' functions.

   - Added a test driver and module for the purpose of testing the MPS
     compatability functions.


_This is a public stable production grade release of the package: it
deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade to the current release
before reporting bugs._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
RPM- and DPKG-based distributions, and can be used on production
kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released under the `GNU Affero General Public
License Version 3'.  The release is available as an `autoconf' tarball,
SRPM, DSC, and set of binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the downloads page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html) for the `autoconf' tarballs,
SRPMs and DSCs.  For tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs,
see the strcompat package page
(http://www.openss7.org/strcompat_pkg.html).

See
`http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strcompat-0.9.2.7.20090405/ChangeLog'
and `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strcompat-0.9.2.7.20090405/NEWS'
in the release for more information.  Also, see the `strcompat.pdf'
manual in the release (also in html
`http://www.openss7.org/strcompat_manual.html').

For the news release, see `http://www.openss7.org/rel20081029_J.html'.

 Major changes for release strcompat-0.9.2.6
--------------------------------------------

This is the sixth separate `OpenSS7 Project' release of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Compatibility' package.  The package was originally
present in the `Linux Fast-STREAMS' `streams-0.7a.2' release package,
but has been separated for six releases.

This release is a stable, production grade release for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS' and is part of the OpenSS7 Master Package
(`openss7-0.9.2.F').  It deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade
before reporting bugs on previous releases.

This release is primarily a maintenance release.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Support build on openSUSE 10.2.

   - Support build on Fedora 7 and 2.6.21 kernel.

   - Rework of `mi_timer(9)' based timers with the addition of several
     new helper functions.  Enhancements and minor corrections to some
     OpenSS7 specific compatibility functions.

   - Support build on CentOS 5.0 (RHEL5).

   - Support build on Ubuntu 7.04.

   - Updated to gettext 0.16.1.

   - Changes to support build on 2.6.20-1.2307.fc5 and
     2.6.20-1.2933.fc6 kernel.

   - Supports build on Fedora Core 6.

   - Support for recent distributions and tool chains.


 Major changes for release strcompat-0.9.2.5
--------------------------------------------

This is the fifth separate `OpenSS7 Project' release of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Compatibility' package.  The package was originally
present in the `Linux Fast-STREAMS' `streams-0.7a.2' release package,
but has been separated for five releases.

This release is a stable, production grade release for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS' and is part of the OpenSS7 Master Package
(`openss7-0.9.2.E').  It deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade
before reporting bugs on previous releases.

This release is primarily a maintenance release.  Some functionality of
the package has been tested by its use in other packages and some
defects corrected.  Support for `LiS' was deprecated as of the previous
release.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Added versions to all exported symbols.  Made OpenSS7 unique
     functions GPL export.

   - Improvements to the common build environment with better support
     for standalone package builds on 2.4 kernels.

   - Fixed bug found from inspection in `mi_copyout(9)' function.

   - Support for autoconf 2.61, automake 1.10 and gettext 0.16.

   - Support for Ubuntu 6.10 distribution and bug fixes for i386 kenels.

   - The package now looks for other subpackages with a version number
     as unpacked by separate tarball.


 Major changes for release strcompat-0.9.2.4
--------------------------------------------

This is the fourth separate `OpenSS7 Project' release of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Compatibility' package.  The package was originally
present in the `Linux Fast-STREAMS' `streams-0.7a.2' release package,
but has been separated for four releases.

This release is a stable, production grade release for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS' and is part of the OpenSS7 Master Package
(`openss7-0.9.2.G.20090405').  It deprecates previous releases.  Please
upgrade before reporting bugs on previous releases.

This release is primarily a maintenance release.  Some functionality of
the package has been tested by its use in other packages and some
defects corrected.  Support for `LiS' is deprecated as of this release.

The release provides the following enhancements and fixes:

   - Support for most recent 2.6.18 kernels (including Fedora Core 5
     with inode diet patch set).

   - Now builds 32-bit compatibility libraries and tests them against
     64-bit kernel modules and drivers.  The `make installcheck' target
     will now automatically test both 64-bit native and 32-bit
     compatibility versions, one after the other, on 64-bit platforms.

   - Added versions to all library symbols.

   - Many documentation updates for all OpenSS7 packages.  Automated
     release file generation making for vastly improved and timely text
     documentation present in the release directory.

   - Dropped support for `LiS'.

   - Package will now support extended ranges of minor devices on 2.6
     kernels under `Linux Fast-STREAMS' only.

   - Better support for Ubuntu and recent gcc compilers, including
     debian script corrections.

   - Better detection of SUSE distributions, release numbers and SLES
     distributions: support for additional `SuSE' distributions on
     `ix86' as well as `x86_64'.  Added distribution support includes
     `SLES 9', `SLES 9 SP2', `SLES 9 SP3', `SLES 10', `SuSE 10.1'.

   - Improved compiler flag generation and optimizations for recent
     `gcc' compilers and some idiosyncratic behaviour for some
     distributions (primarily SUSE).

   - Optimized compilation is now available also for user level
     programs in addition to kernel programs.  Added new
     `--with-optimize' option to `configure' to accomplish this.

   - Added `--disable-devel' `configure' option to suppress building
     and installing development environment.  This feature is for
     embedded or pure runtime targets that do not need the development
     environment (static libraries, manual pages, documentation).

   - Added `send-pr' script for automatic problem report generation.

 Major changes for release strcompat-0.9.2.3
--------------------------------------------

This release is primarily to support additional compilers (gcc 4.0.2),
architectures (x86_64, SMP, 32-bit compatibility), recent Linux
distributions (EL4, SuSE 10, LE2006, OpenSuSE) and kernels (2.6.15).

   - Corrections for and testing of 64-bit clean compile and test runs
     on x86_64 architecture.  Some bug corrections resulting from gcc
     4.0.2 compiler warnings.

   - Changes to satisfy gcc 4.0.2 compiler.

   - Corrected build flags for Gentoo and 2.6.15 kernels as reported on
     mailing list.

   - Corrections for and testing of 64-bit clean compile and test runs
     on x86_64 architecture.  Some bug corrections resulting from gcc
     4.0.2 compiler warnings.

   - Initial corrections for and testing of SMP operation on Intel 630
     Hyper-Threaded SMP on x86_64.  This package should now run well on
     N-way Xeons even with Hyper-Threading enabled.

   - Corrections and validation of 32-bit compatibility over 64-bit on
     x86_64.  Should apply well to other 64-bit architectures as well.

This is a public beta test release of the package.

 Major changes for release strcompat-0.9.2.2
--------------------------------------------

This is primarily a bug fixes release and corrections resulting from
testing.  This is a major bug fix release.  The previous release was
largely untested.  This release has been verified (conformance test
suite passes) for operation with `Linux Fast-STREAMS'
(`streams-0.7a.4').

 Initial release strcompat-0.9.2.1
----------------------------------

Initial autoconf/RPM packaging of the `strcompat' release.

This is the initial release of the `OpenSS7 STREAMS Compatibility'
package for `Linux Fast-STREAMS' (and LiS).  These compatibility modules
were formerly part of the `Linux Fast-STREAMS' package
(`streams-0.7a.3'), however, as they were also applicable to `LiS',
they have been removed into a separate package.  Once `Linux
Fast-STREAMS' is production grade, these compatibility modules will be
rolled back into the streams package as `LiS' becomes deprecated.

-----

=========================================================================

 Copyright (c) 2008-2009  Monavacon Limited  <http://www.monavacon.com/>
 Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation  <http://www.openss7.com/>
 Copyright (c) 1997-2001  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

 All Rights Reserved.

 Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
 manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
 preserved on all copies.

 Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
 manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
 entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
 permission notice identical to this one

 Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
 manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
 responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
 the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
 have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
 which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
 professionally.

 Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by the
 source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

 U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software
 on behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following
 provisions apply to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department
 of Defense ("DoD"), it is classified as "Commercial Computer Software"
 under paragraph 252.227-7014 of the DoD Supplement to the Federal
 Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any successor regulations) and
 the Government is acquiring only the license rights granted herein (the
 license rights customarily provided to non-Government users).  If the
 Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government other than
 DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
 Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19
 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor
 regulations) or, in the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the
 NASA Supplement to the FAR (or any successor regulations).

=========================================================================

 Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from
 OpenSS7 Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

=========================================================================
vim: ft=README tw=72 nocindent nosmartindent formatoptions+=tcqlorn
