
Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



Network Working Group                                     Brian Bidulock
INTERNET-DRAFT                                    Inet Technologies, Inc


Expires in six months                                         April 2001


                  SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer
                 <draft-bidulock-sigtran-m3peer-00.txt>




                         Status of this Memo

This document is an Internet-Draft and is in full conformance with all
provisions of Section 10 or RFC 2026.  Internet-Drafts are working
documents of the Inetnet Engineering Task Force (IETF), its areas, and
its working groups.  Note that other groups may also distribute working
documents as Internet-Drafts.

Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference material
or to cite them other than as 'work in progress'.

The list of current Internet-Drafts can be accessed at
http://www.ietf.org/ietf/1id-abstracts.txt

The list of Internet-Draft Shadow Directories can be accessed at
http://www.ietf.org/shadow.html

To learn the current status of any Internet-Draft, please check the
Directories on ftp.is.co.za (Africa), nic.nordu.net (Europe),
munnari.oz.au (Pacific Rim), ftp.ietf.org (US East Coast), or
ftp.isi.edu (US West Coast).

Abstract

This Internet Draft defines a protocol supporting the transport of SS7
MTP User and Management messages over IP using the services of the
Stream Control Transmission Protocol (SCTP).  This protoocl would be
used between SS7 Signalling Points employing the MTP Level 3 protocol.
The SS7 Signalling Points may also employ standard SS7 MTP Level 3 route
sets and routes over SS7 MTP Level 2 services.

1.  Introduction

This document provides a specification for an SS7 MTP3 (Message Transfer
Part - Level 3) Peer-to-Peer protocol and NIF (Network Interworking
Function) for seamless and transparent interworking of the SS7 Network



Bidulock                       Version 0.0                        Page 1

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



and IP network.  The purpose for this protocol, in contrast to the M3UA
protocol, is to provide the ability to given the SS7 Network the
appearance of remote Signalling Point Codes within the IP network, while
allowing a flexible ASP architecture within the IP network which does
not necessarily conform to the SS7 view.

1.1.  Scope

There is a need for Switched Circuit Network (SCN) signalling protocol
delivery over an IP network.  This includes delivery from a Signalling
Gateway (SG) to a Media Gateway Controller (MGC) or IP Signalling Point,
as described in the Framework Architecture for Signalling Transport [1].
This could allow for convergence of some signalling and data networks.
SCN Signalling nodes would have access to databases and other devices in
the IP network domain that do not employ SS7 signalling links or Message
Transfer Parts.  There may also be operational and cost advantages when
traditional signalling route sets and routes are replaced by IP network
"connections".

The delivery mechanism described in this document allows for full MTP3
message handling and network management capabilities interworking
between the SS7 network and the IP network.  An SS7 node equipped with
an IP network connection is called an IP Signalling Point (IPSP).  The
ISPSs function as traditional SS7 nodes using the IP network instead of
SS7 links.

The delivery mechanism should

 + Support seamless interworking between MTP3 nodes within the SS7
   network and IP hosts within the IP network.

 + Support the MTP Level 3 / MTP User interface boundary.

 + Support management of SCTP transport associations and traffic instead
   of MTP3 route sets and routes.

 + Support asynchronous reporting of status changes to management.


1.2.  Terminology

MTP  The Message Transfer Part of the SS7 protocol [2].

MTP2 MTP Level 2, the MTP Signalling Link Level.

MTP3 MTP Level 3, the MTP Signalling Network Level.

MTP3-User
     A protocol that normally uses the services of MTP Level 3.





Bidulock                       Version 0.0                        Page 2

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



Signalling End Point (SEP)
     A node in an SS7 network that originates or terminates signalling
     messages.  One example is a central office switch.

IP Signalling Point (IPSP)
     An SS7 Signalling Point with an IP network connection used for SS7
     over IP.

Signalling Gateway (SG)
     A signalling agent that receives/sends SCN native signalling at the
     edge of the IP network [4].  In this context, an SG is an SS7
     Signalling Point that has both an IP network connection used for
     SS7 over IP, and a traditional (non-IP) link to an SS7 network.



1.3.  Abbreviations

1.4.  Assumptions

The following simplifying assumptions are made:

 (1)   We assume that processor delays are short an much smaller that
       queueing or transport delays.  This assumption derives from the
       understanding that processor power can always be increased with
       respect to load to satisfy this condition.

 (2)   We assume transmission delays and bit error rates for multi-mode
       fibre for long haul connections.

 (3)   For protocols which amalgamate multiple packets into one
       datagram, we assume that such amalgamation is not performed.

 (4)   For protocols which must segment messages over a certain size, we
       assume that messages are not segmented.

 (5)   Poisson distributed inter-arrival times between messages is
       assumed.  This assumption is the basis for SS7 performance
       analysis and will also be used for SCTP and SSCOP MCE analysis
       for common comparison.

1.5.  Architecture

The architectures considered are illstrated in the figures following.
Each figure is referred to by the analysis sections and are labelled for
reference.

Simplex Point-to-Point Connection

Figure 1.1 illustrates a simplex point-to-point connection.  In this
configuration it is assumed that the IP stack on each node queues



Bidulock                       Version 0.0                        Page 3

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000




    +----------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                                                |
    |   +----------+                                  +----------+   |
    |   |          |                                  |          |   |
    |   |     +----|                                  |----+     |   |
    |   |     | A  |----------------------------------|  C |     |   |
    |   |     +----|                                  |----+     |   |
    |   |          |                                  |          |   |
    |   |  Node 1  |                                  |  Node 2  |   |
    |   |          |                                  |          |   |
    |   +----------+                                  +----------+   |
    |                                                                |
    +----------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                                                |
    |         Figure 1.1 - Simplex Point-to-Point Connection         |
    |                                                                |
    +----------------------------------------------------------------+

    +----------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                                                |
    |   +----------+                                  +----------+   |
    |   |          |                                  |          |   |
    |   |     +----|                                  |----+     |   |
    |   |     | A  |----------------------------------|  C |     |   |
    |   |     +----|                                  |----+     |   |
    |   |          |                                  |          |   |
    |   |     +----|                                  |----+     |   |
    |   |     | B  |----------------------------------|  D |     |   |
    |   |     +----|                                  |----+     |   |
    |   |          |                                  |          |   |
    |   |  Node 1  |                                  |  Node 2  |   |
    |   |          |                                  |          |   |
    |   +----------+                                  +----------+   |
    |                                                                |
    +----------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                                                |
    |         Figure 1.2 - Duplex Point-to-Point Connection          |
    |                                                                |
    +----------------------------------------------------------------+














Bidulock                       Version 0.0                        Page 4

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



    +----------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                                                |
    |                IEEE 802.3            IEEE 802.3                |
    |   +----------+ ==========            ========== +----------+   |
    |   |          |   |    |                |    |   |          |   |
    |   |     +----|   |  +---+            +---+  |   |----+     |   |
    |   |     | A  |---+  | R |------------| R |  +---|  C |     |   |
    |   |     +----|      +---+            +---+      |----+     |   |
    |   |          |                                  |          |   |
    |   |  Node 1  |                                  |  Node 2  |   |
    |   |          |                                  |          |   |
    |   +----------+                                  +----------+   |
    |                                                                |
    +----------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                                                |
    |            Figure 1.3 - Simplex LAN/WAN Connection             |
    |                                                                |
    +----------------------------------------------------------------+

    +----------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                                                |
    |                IEEE 802.3            IEEE 802.3                |
    |   +----------+ ==========            ========== +----------+   |
    |   |          |   |    |                |    |   |          |   |
    |   |     +----|   |  +---+            +---+  |   |----+     |   |
    |   |     | A  |---+  | R |------------| R |  +---|  C |     |   |
    |   |     +----|      +---+            +---+      |----+     |   |
    |   |          |                                  |          |   |
    |   |     +----|      +---+            +---+      |----+     |   |
    |   |     | B  |---+  | R |------------| R |  +---|  D |     |   |
    |   |     +----|   |  +---+            +---+  |   |----+     |   |
    |   |          |   |    |                |    |   |          |   |
    |   |  Node 1  | ==========            ========== |  Node 2  |   |
    |   |          | IEEE 802.3            IEEE 802.3 |          |   |
    |   +----------+                                  +----------+   |
    |                                                                |
    +----------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                                                |
    |             Figure 1.4 - Duplex LAN/WAN Connection             |
    |                                                                |
    +----------------------------------------------------------------+

packets to a driver which places them directly on the media connecting
the two nodes.  This media is considered to be a simple connection with
no queueing, just transport delay.  This simulates a point-to-point link
connection directly attached to each node.

Duplex Point-to-Point Connection

Figure 1.2 illustrates a duplex point-to-point connection. This
architecture could be extended to the point where the number of



Bidulock                       Version 0.0                        Page 5

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



connections is N>=1.  This is the situation where each node has 'N'
interfaces with 'N' point-to-point connections.

Simplex LAN/WAN Connection

Figure 1.3 illustrates a simplex LAN/WAN configuration.  Each interface
on each node is connected to its own LAN interface.  The example LAN
used is IEEE 802.3 (Ethernet).  Each router (R) is connected both to a
LAN and to a Point-to-Point connection.  Point-to-Point connections are
extended to connect the routers together.

Several additional simplifying assumptions are made for this (and the
following) configuration:

 (1)   It is assumed that ARP table entries are manually configured for
       each interface and router, and that no broadcasts or ARP queuries
       are required to establish the MAC address associated with the
       destination IP address of each interface in the system.

 (2)   Routing tables for each interface and router is assumed to be
       statically configured.  No routing protocols are broadcast.

 (3)   Router to router connections are Point-to-Point links which are
       extended over a distance.

 (4)   Each IEEE 802.3 (Ethernet) LAN is assumed to be a 10baseT
       connection to an Ethernet HUB.  All connection distances between
       the interface cards, hubs, and routers adjacent to each node are
       considered to be short distances.

 (5)   It is assumed that no other traffic (other than the traffic under
       consideration) is present on any LAN or any router.  Thus, the
       ARP and RIP assumptions.

 (6)   Routers are assumed to be OSPF (Open Shortest Path First) FQ
       (Fair Queueing) routers with per-destination queues.

Duplex LAN/WAN Connection

Figure 1.4 illustrates a duplex LAN/WAN configuration.  Each interface
on each node is connected to its own LAN interface to an IEEE 802.3
Ethernet LAN over 10baseT running at 10Mbps.  Each router is connected
on the one side to a LAN and on the other side to a point-to-point link
to one of the other routers.

All of the assumptions for the simplex LAN/WAN case are considered
assumptions in this configuration as well.







Bidulock                       Version 0.0                        Page 6

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



2.  Consideration and Background

2.1.  Considerations

2.1.1.  SS7

SS7 considerations (and the complete analysis) is provided in [4].
Similar considerations provided for links in SS7 will be assumed for PPP
links in the configurations analyzed here for the sake of comparison.

2.1.2.  PPP Link

Similar considerations as are applied for SS7 links in [4] are
considered here for PPP links.  Regardless of the validity of
assumptions made for SS7 links in [4], the same assumptions will be made
here for the sake of comparison.

2.1.3.  Ethernet 802.3

Ethernet analysis is based on [5].  Assumptions and proofs will not be
presented here, please refer to [5] for more details.  The results of
the Ethernet analysis presented in the cited works will be incorporated
into this analysis without modification.

2.1.4.  Router

Routers are assumed to be OSPF (Open Shortest Path First) FQ (Fair
Queueing) routers.  The analysis of the queueing characteristics of
routers of this type are presented in [6] and will be recreated here.
The results of the router analysis presented in the cited works will be
incorporated into this analysis without modification.  Nevetheless, the
following are some of the simplifying assumptions normally taken for
routers:

 (1)   It is assumed that outgoing interfaces are chosed on metrics
       which indicate the hop distance from the router to the
       destination.  An available route with the lowest metric is
       chosen.  If there are two or more routes which lead to the same
       destination and which have the same metric, one of the routes
       will be determinately chosen.

 (2)   Although it is available, it is assumed that no load sharing
       exists in the selection of routes with the same metric.

 (3)   The return address on the datagram is not taken into
       consideration when routing messages.

2.1.5.  IP Stack

Considerations for IP stack queueing and work times are based on the
4.4BSD implementation.  Although other implementations exist, this model



Bidulock                       Version 0.0                        Page 7

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



is used to yeild representative results.  Several simplifying
assumptions are made concerning the 4.4BSD IP stack as follows:

 (1)   Processor work times are considered to be short with respect to
       emission and propagation times.  To show that this assumption is
       workable, consider that a significant amount of processor power
       can be applied for low levels of traffic to allow the assumption
       to hold.  This is not necessarily an cost-effective situation,
       but one which is easier to study.

 (2)   Delays from the indication of the ability to output information
       onto the interface to the actual output of data is assumed to be
       negligible.  This assumes that processors have asynchronous
       interrupts and that interrupt service routines are sufficiently
       quick to permit the output of back-to-back frames on the
       interface without significantly loading the main processor.  This
       is a reasonable assumption for modern computer architectures and
       operating system software.

 (3)   A buffer exists behind the input to the IP level.  This buffer
       holds messages which are waiting for transmission to the
       interface.  This buffer is limited in size.

 (4)   It is assumed that there are no network configuration or routing
       table changes which would require additional delays in the
       background.

2.1.6.  SCTP

For M2UA SCTP behaviour, we are concerned with SS7 performance over
SCTP.  For this analysis it is sufficient that a stream within an SCTP
association be analyized in comparison to a SS7 link (at the same loaing
points) in the simplest case.  For M3UA, additional analysis will
provide the effects of mixing SS7 SLS (link) traffic into multiple
streams within a single SCTP association.  It will also be considered
what the effects of "changeover" between streams within the SCTP
association will be, and what the effects of changeover between streams
in different associations will be.

2.1.7.  SSCOP-MCE

2.2.  Background Information

Some background information is in order before we begin the analysis of
SCTP and SSCOP-MCE.  This background information and baseline analysis
is necessary to understand the effects of various network
configurations.







Bidulock                       Version 0.0                        Page 8

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



2.2.1.  Link

Links can be graded into a number of error rates as illustrated in Table
2.1.

Links are modeled as a queue where the service time is dependent upon
the link's bit rate and the length of the packet for transmission.  This
length of time is called the "emission time" for the packet.  The
emission time is simply the the packet length in bits divided by the
transmission speed in bits per second.

2.2.2.  Router

2.2.3.  Ethernet

Ethernet links are specialized forms of links.  They do not simply have
the emission times associated with communications links: there is the
possibility of CDMA collisions which adds further delay (and HOL
blocking) to some packets.

Other LAN protocols (e.g., 802.4 Token Bus, or 802.5 Token Ring) or
switched LAN technologies may also be considered.

2.2.4.  IP Stack

IP stacks based on the BSD socket implementations (or even SVR4 streams)
use a software interrupt procedure for moving message buffers from the
upper layers down to the device driver and finally on to the media.
This mechanism is not normally asynchronous or event driven, but works
on the basis of setting a software interrupt which is examined on a
quantum basis in operating systems which include pre-emtive scheduling.
Non-pre-emptive scheduled operating systems may use a task window (for
time-triggered real-time systems) or execution of a system event loop
(for run-to-completion systems) to emulate an interrupt in the operating
system.



                   Table 2.1 - Bit Error Rates
    +-------------------+-----------------+------------+---------+
    | Type of Transport |  Bit Error Rate | Speed      | EM/8    |
    +-------------------+-----------------+------------+---------+
    | Satellite Links   |  1 x 10^-3      |            |         |
    | PCM Channel       |  1 x 10^-6      | 64k bps    | 125us   |
    | PCM Link          |  1 x 10^-6      | 1.544M bps |         |
    | Ethernet LAN      |  1 x 10^-9      | 10M bps    | 800ns   |
    | SONET span        |  1 x 10^-10     | 675M bps   |         |
    +-------------------+-----------------+------------+---------+






Bidulock                       Version 0.0                        Page 9

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



These approaches to moving the messsage buffers down the IP protocol
stack include some queueing associated with the software interrupt.
These queueing effects should be considered in the analysis of all
protocols using the IP stack.

The IP stack must also be considered to introduce queueing delays when
broadcast based protocols are used for address resolution (e.g., ARP)
and routing (e.g., RIP).  In this document it is assumed that these
effects can be avoided (e.g., through manual ARP entries and ICMP
redirects).

Other considerations of the IP stack include the fact that the IP stack
performs routing.

3.  SCTP Analysis

This section proceeds with the SCTP analysis.  To be able to simplify
the task of the analysis, initially, the following assumptions are made:

 + Only one association is considered.
 + Only one stream is considered in the association.

Definitions

    F  - Frequency (bps) of the Transmission Medium
    Pe - Probability of Error
    Pl - Probability of Message Loss

3.1.  Probability of Message Loss

Message loss has several contributing factors.  Unfortunately, SCTP has
no mechanism for distinguish between message loss due to any specific
factor.  There is no indication given by the lower layer to SCTP or by
the SCTP peer as to what the cause of the loss might be.  SCTP
procedures do no distinguish between loss types.

Factors contributing to message loss are as follows:

 + Loss due to bit errors.
 + Loss within the IP stack.
 + Loss within network routers.
 + Loss due to excessive delay.

SCTP has two mechanisms which compete when a message is lost.  Messages
which are detected as lost through the receipt of four successive SACK
reports, are retransmitted.  Messages which have not been acknowledged
within the message's time-to-live as determined by the ULP are
considered lost.  Messages cannot be retransmitted more than
'Path.retrans.max' to any given destination.  Messages cannot be
retransmitted more than 'retrans.max' on an association.




Bidulock                       Version 0.0                       Page 10

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



3.1.1.  Loss due to Bit Errors

Bit errors have several effects on SCTP.  SCTP has a 32-bit Adler
Checksum which is used to protect SCTP datagrams against bit errors.
The SCTP header is not separately protected, the entire datagram is
protected by one checksum.  The result of detection of a bit error with
the Adler-32 Checksum is the discard of the datagram.

The actual number of packets discarded from the detection of bit errors
is dependent on a number of factors:

 + The probability of a bit error (Pe).
 + The size of the packets transmitted (l).
 + The packet load (L).
 + The probability of detecting a bit error (Pd).

The response of SCTP to received datagrams with checksum errors
(detected bit errors) will be to silently discard the datagram at the
receiver.  One of three things will occur in response to this silent
discard:

 (1)   Another datagram will arrive at the receiver which will cause a
       SACK Gap Report to be issued for the lost datagram.

 (2)   The sender's RTO (receive time out) will expire and the chunks in
       the discarded datagram will be retransmitted.

 (3)   The sender's lifetime for the packet will expire and the
       association will be lost.

The silent discard behaviour of datagrams with detected bit errors means
that bit error rates may be translated into datagram loss rates.  The
datagram loss rate contributed by the bit error rate can be added to the
other datagram loss rates to arrive at a final loss rate.  Analysis can
then be calculated on the basis of this combined loss rate.

3.1.2.  Loss within the IP stack.

Most losses associated with IP stack implementations include buffer
overruns and ARP queries.  These two factors are considered below:

Buffer Overruns
     Buffer overruns result when the protocol layer above IP generates
     IP datagrams faster than the IP layer can post these datagrams to
     the device driver; or, the device driver receives datagrams faster
     that it can place these datagrams on the media.  If these
     differences are significant and last for a sufficient period of
     time, input buffer chains to either the IP level or the device
     driver will result in the loss of a packet.  Packets lost to the IP
     level due to lack of input buffer space, SCTP will be notified by
     the IP layer; however, if the overrun buffer is between the IP



Bidulock                       Version 0.0                       Page 11

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



     layer and the device driver, datagram loss will not be reported.

ARP Losses
     Some IP stack implementations discard the packet which is queued
     for transmission which causes an ARP cache miss.  This would result
     in packet loss at some ARP cache miss rate.  ARP cache misses are
     due either to cache entry expiry, or initial cache entry
     establishment.  Because this analysis assumes that ARP cache misses
     can be removed by manually or statically allocating IP to MAC
     address mappings, these losses are not considered here.

3.2.  Queueing Effects of Retransmission

3.2.1.  Retransmission with Multiple Paths

3.2.2.  The Cost of Retransmission

3.3.  Effects of the Path

3.3.1.  The Effects of RTT on Delay

Backward Error Correction

Forward Error Correction

3.3.2.  The Effects of Throughput Limitation on Delay

Path Queueing

Path queueing is an effect where the path has a limited throughput
capability and attempts at feeding higher packet rates at the path will
result in the internal queueing of packets along the path.  This is a
congestive condition which results in packets being delayed longer than
they would under lesser load conditions.

Any given path can be modelled as a series of queues.  The delay along a
link is normally a determinate and scalar delay.  The delay through a
router or interface is a queueing delay.

A characteristic of the path which can be used to determine whether
delays are due to congestion or whether delays are due to link delays is
the RTT.  When paths a not congested, they experience low RTT values.
When paths are congested they experience higher RTTs.  A mechanism which
can be used to determine whether paths or congested or not is by
comparing the minimum theoretical or experienced RTT to the current
measured RTT.

A hypothetical situation is illustrated in Figure 1 below.  Although the
actual curve of round trip times to congestion levels is not known,
there are several things which can be said:




Bidulock                       Version 0.0                       Page 12

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



 + Because paths are modeled as a directed graph of queues connected by
   determinate scalar delay links, it can be said that the RTT to
   Congestion function is monotonically increasing.
 + Because paths have queues with a finite number of servers, it can be
   said that the RTT to congestion function is asymptotically increasing
   at the maximum throughput of the path.
 + When paths are experiencing no congestion, the RTT will be at a
   minimum.  The RTT minimum is the y-axis intercept of the
   RTT/Congestion curve.
 + When the current measured RTT is higher than the minimum RTT, then
   the path is experiencing some congestion.
 + When the current measured RTT is higher than twice the acceptable
   transfer time, the path is experiencing excessive congestion.

Congestion on a path may be caused either by the traffic which is being
applied to the path with RTT measured, or other traffic along a portion
of the same path which is either being applied from the same endpoint or

    +----------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                                                |
    |    |                                 |         |               |
    |    |                                          |                |
    |    |                                 |       / |               |
    |    |                                         |                 |
    |    | Twice                Acceptable |       | | Maximum       |
    |    | Acceptable           Congestion        /    Throughput    |
    |    | Transfer Timer                  |      |  |               |
    |  R |    |                                  /                   |
    |  T |    |                            |   _/    |               |
    |  T |    v                             __/                      |
    | - -|- - - - 2 x ATT - - - - - - _____/- - - - -|- - - - - -    |
    |    |                  _________/                               |
    |    | ________________/               |         |               |
    |    |/                                                          |
    | - -+- - - - RTT Mininmum  - - - - - -|- - - - -|- - - - - -    |
    |    |                                                           |
    |    |                                 |         |               |
    |    |                                                           |
    |    |                                 |         |               |
    | ---+--------------------------------------------------------   |
    |    |                     Congestion  |         |               |
    |    |                                                           |
    |                                                                |
    +----------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                                                |
    |                  Figure 1 - RTT vs. Congestion                 |
    |                                                                |
    +----------------------------------------------------------------+






Bidulock                       Version 0.0                       Page 13

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



applied from other endpoints.  Congestion may also occur from failure of
component associated with queues along the path.

Path Loss

3.3.3.  The Effects of Noise on Delay

Path Loss

3.4.  Congestion

3.4.1.  Traffic Offerred vs. Traffic Transferred

Regardless of the precise nature of an IP network configuration between
two points, some things may be said about congestion.  There are a
limited number of types of systems which are used to make up an IP
network, and a limited range of characteristics which these systems
exhibit under load.

Figure 2 illustrates load curves for three systems as follows:

 (1)   The first system corresponds to a wire.  It has a fixed linear
       relationship between the traffic offered and the traffic
       transfered: all of the traffic offered is transferred.

 (2)   The second system corresponds to a

 (3)   The third system corresponds to a CDMA medium.  The
       characteristic of CDMA is that collisions increase with traffic
       load and impede the ability of the system to transfer data.
       Therefore, this is a good system to model CMDA access media such
       as ethernet.

3.4.2.  Traffic Offerred vs. Delay

3.5.  A Model for Delay

3.6.  Transmission and Retransmission Procedures

3.7.  Congestion/Flow Control Procedures

4.  Procotol Elements

5.  Procedures

5.1.  Transmission and Retransmission Procedures

5.2.  Congestion/Flow Control Procedures






Bidulock                       Version 0.0                       Page 14

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000




    +----------------------------------------------------------------+
    |  Load                                 (1)                      |
    |  Transferred                         _/                        |
    |    |                               _/                          |
    |    |                             _/           Asymptote        |
    | - -|- - - - - - - - - - - - - -_/ - - - __- - - - - - - - - (2)|
    |    |                         _/      __/  \_          ______/  |
    |    |                       _/     __/       \_ ______/         |
    |    |                     _/    __/        ____/_               |
    |    |                   _/   __/      ____/      \__            |
    |    |                 _/  __/     ___/              \___        |
    |    |               _/ __/    ___/                      \___(3) |
    |    |             _/__/   ___/                                  |
    | - -|- - - - - -_/_/ -___/ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -    |
    |    |         _/_/___/                         Asymptote        |
    |    |       _/_/_/                                              |
    |    |     _//_/                                                 |
    |    |   _/_/                                                    |
    |    | _/                                                        |
    |    |/                                                          |
    | ---+--------------------------------------------------------   |
    |    |                                                  Load     |
    |    |                                                  Offered  |
    |                                                                |
    +----------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                                                |
    |           Figure 2 - Load Curves for Various Systems           |
    |                                                                |
    +----------------------------------------------------------------+

6.  Examples

Security Considerations

This congestion procedures relies on the mechanisms of Simple Control
Transport Protocol (SCTP) to provide security.

7.  Acknowledgements

8.  References

 [1] Simple Control Transmission Protocol, draft-ietf-sigtran-
     sctp-07.txt, February 2000

 [2] Distributed Systems, 2nd Edition, Sape Mullender Ed., Addison-
     Wesley, 1993, ISBN 0-201-62427-3

 [3]





Bidulock                       Version 0.0                       Page 15

Internet Draft    SS7 MTP3 Peer-to-Peer Adaption Layer      October 2000



 [4]

 [5]

 [6]

 [7]

 [8]

 [9]

[10]

[11]

[12]

[13]

[14]

[15]

[16]

[17]

[18]

[19]

9.  Author's  Addresses

Brian F. G. Bidulock                                Tel: +1-972-578-3959
Inet Technologies, Inc.                   EMail: brian.bidulock@inet.com
1255 W 15th Street
Plano, TX 7507
USA



This Internet Draft expires October 2000.











Bidulock                       Version 0.0                       Page 16
