OpenSS7 STREAMS ISDN -- history of user visible changes.  2008-08-08
$Id: NEWS,v 0.9.2.34 2008-08-02 16:42:27 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

The sections that follow provide information on OpenSS7 releases of the
OpenSS7 STREAMS ISDN package.

 Initial release strisdn-0.9.2.4
--------------------------------

This is the fourth open source release of the `OpenSS7 STREAMS ISDN'
package.  This release contains modules and drivers formerly only
available with Commercial releases of the `strss7' package and which
are only recently available as open source with the release of this
package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the ISDN
components were separated from the `strss7' package and placed in this
package.  Not all of the ISDN components previously part of the
`strss7' package have been strapped into this release.  Components will
be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a module-by-module and
driver-by-driver basis.  See `TODO' in the release, or `Schedule',in
the manual, for information about the release schedule.

This is a maintenance release providing support for additional
distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Kernel module license made explicit "GPL v2".  And then changed
     back to "GPL".

   - License upgrade to AGPL Version 3.

   - Ability to strap out major documentation build and installation
     primarily for embedded targets.

   - Improvements to common build process for embedded and
     cross-compile targets.

   - Support for flex 2.5.33  in maintainer mode.


_This is a public alpha release of the package.  Please see
`README-alpha' in the release or `Maturity',in the manual._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
RPM- and DPKG-based distributions, and can be used on production
kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released under the `GNU Affero General Public
License Version 3'.  The release is available as an `autoconf' tarball,
SRPM, DSC, and set of binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the downloads page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html) for the `autoconf' tarballs,
SRPMs and DSCs.  For tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs,
see the strisdn package page (http://www.openss7.org/strisdn_pkg.html).

See `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strisdn-0.9.2.4/ChangeLog' and
`http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strisdn-0.9.2.4/NEWS' in the release
for more information.  Also, see the `strisdn.pdf' manual in the
release (also in html `http://www.openss7.org/strisdn_manual.html').

 Initial release strisdn-0.9.2.3
--------------------------------

This is the third open source release of the `OpenSS7 STREAMS ISDN'
package.  This release contains modules and drivers formerly only
available with Commercial releases of the `strss7' package and which
are only recently available as open source with the release of this
package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the ISDN
components were separated from the `strss7' package and placed in this
package.  Not all of the ISDN components previously part of the
`strss7' package have been strapped into this release.  Components will
be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a module-by-module and
driver-by-driver basis.  See `TODO' in the release, or `Schedule',in
the manual, for information about the release schedule.

This is a maintenance release providing support for additional
distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Support build on openSUSE 10.2.

   - Support build on Fedora 7 with 2.6.21 kernel.

   - Support build on CentOS 5.0 (RHEL5).

   - Support build on Ubuntu 7.04.

   - Updated to gettext 0.16.1.

   - Changes to support build on 2.6.20-1.2307.fc5 and
     2.6.20-1.2933.fc6 kernel.

   - Supports build on Fedora Core 6.

   - Support for recent distributions and tool chains.


 Initial release strisdn-0.9.2.2
--------------------------------

This is the second open source release of the `OpenSS7 STREAMS ISDN'
package.  This release contains modules and drivers formerly only
available with Commercial releases of the `strss7' package and which
are only recently available as open source with the release of this
package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the ISDN
components were separated from the `strss7' package and placed in this
package.  Not all of the ISDN components previously part of the
`strss7' package have been strapped into this release.  Components will
be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a module-by-module and
driver-by-driver basis.  See `TODO' in the release, or `Schedule',in
the manual, for information about the release schedule.

This is a maintenance release providing support for additional
distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Improvements to the common build environment with better support
     for standalone package builds on 2.4 kernels.

   - Support for autoconf 2.61, automake 1.10 and gettext 0.16.

   - Support for Ubuntu 6.10 distribution and bug fixes for i386 kenels.

   - The package now looks for other subpackages with a version number
     as unpacked by separate tarball.


 Initial release strisdn-0.9.2.1
--------------------------------

Initial autoconf/RPM packaging of the `strisdn' release.

This is the initial open source release of the `OpenSS7 STREAMS ISDN'
package.  This release contains modules and drivers formerly only
available with Commercial releases of the `strss7' package and which
are only recently available as open source with the release of this
package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the ISDN
components were separated from the `strss7' package and placed in this
package.  Not all of the ISDN components previously part of the
`strss7' package have been strapped into this release.  Components will
be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a module-by-module and
driver-by-driver basis.  See `TODO' in the release, or `Schedule',in
the manual, for information about the release schedule.

In this initial release, the major component first available is LAPD.
`lapd(4)' is a pushable "STREAMS" module that is pushed over a `cdi(4)'
HDLC channel to form an ISDN Q.931 link providing the Data Link
Provider Interface (`dlpi(7)').  A complete test suite will be
available in a further release.

Subsequent releases in 1Q 2007 will include the additional full ISDN
Q.931, Q.933, GR-303 and V5.2 drivers with conformance test suites.

-----

=========================================================================

 Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation  <http://www.openss7.com/>
 Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

 All Rights Reserved.

 Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
 manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
 preserved on all copies.

 Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
 manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
 entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
 permission notice identical to this one

 Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
 manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
 responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
 the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
 have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
 which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
 professionally.

 Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by the
 source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

 U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software
 on behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following
 provisions apply to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department
 of Defense ("DoD"), it is classified as "Commercial Computer Software"
 under paragraph 252.227-7014 of the DoD Supplement to the Federal
 Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any successor regulations) and
 the Government is acquiring only the license rights granted herein (the
 license rights customarily provided to non-Government users).  If the
 Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government other than
 DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
 Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19
 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor
 regulations) or, in the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the
 NASA Supplement to the FAR (or any successor regulations).

=========================================================================

 Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from
 OpenSS7 Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

=========================================================================
vim: ft=README tw=72 nocindent nosmartindent formatoptions+=tcqlorn
