2007-01-09  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* .pkgrelease: bumped version number for next release
	* doc/manual/news.texi: bumped version number for next release
	* scripts/texi/versions.texi: bumped version number for next release

	* ANNOUNCE: final post-release updates
	* NEWS: final post-release updates
	* doc/manual/news.texi: final post-release updates

2007-01-08  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* AUTHORS: updated for release
	* NEWS: updated for release
	* README: updated for release
	* README-cvs: updated for release
	* THANKS: updated for release
	* doc/man/man3/netconfig.3.man: updated for release
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_getbyname.3.man: updated for release
	* doc/man/man5/strnsl.5.man: updated for release
	* doc/manual/descrip.texi: updated for release
	* doc/manual/libxnsl.texi: updated for release
	* doc/manual/news.texi: updated for release
	* doc/manual/prerequisites.texi: updated for release
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: updated for release
	* doc/manual/strnsl.texi: updated for release
	* doc/manual/todo.texi: updated for release
	* doc/manual/tree.texi: updated for release

	* rel20070108_D.html: added release file
	* ANNOUNCE: updated for release

2007-01-05  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* AUTHORS: documentation updates for release
	* NEWS: documentation updates for release
	* README: documentation updates for release
	* README-cvs: documentation updates for release
	* THANKS: documentation updates for release
	* doc/man/man5/strnsl.5.man: documentation updates for release
	* doc/man/man8/test-xnsl.8.man: documentation updates for release
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: documentation updates for release
	* doc/manual/strnsl.texi: documentation updates for release
	* doc/manual/todo.texi: documentation updates for release

2006-12-31  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* AUTHORS: updated documentation for release
	* NEWS: updated documentation for release
	* README: updated documentation for release
	* README-cvs: updated documentation for release
	* THANKS: updated documentation for release
	* doc/man/Makefile.am: updated documentation for release
	* doc/man/strnsl.macros: updated documentation for release
	* doc/man/man5/strnsl.5.man: updated documentation for release
	* doc/manual/tree.texi: updated documentation for release

2006-12-29  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* strnsl.spec.in: old rpms hate nested ifs
	* strnsl.spec.in: changes for successful master build
	* doc/manual/prerequisites.texi: changes for successful master build
	* src/lib/netselect.c: changes for successful master build

2006-12-18  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* acinclude.m4: adjust base majors and module ids
	* src/lib/netselect.c: compiler warning correction
	* src/test/test-xnsl.c: use clone directory device names
	* tests/testsuite-xnsl.at: removed xnet specific stuff
	* tests/testsuite-xnsl_thr.at: removed xnet specific stuff

2006-12-14  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- debian script corrections from Michael Fig <fig@marketsystems.com>

	* debian/mscript_postinst.in: debian script corrections
	* debian/mscript_postrm.in: debian script corrections
	* debian/mscript_preinst.in: debian script corrections
	* debian/rules.in: debian script corrections
	* debian/strnsl-devel.preinst.in: debian script corrections

2006-10-30  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* tests/local.at: added ability to sync between test cases
	* tests/testsuite-xnsl.at: added ability to sync between test cases
	* tests/testsuite-xnsl_thr.at: added ability to sync between test cases

2006-10-21  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/man/strnsl.refs: updated streams release number
	* debian/control.in: updated LiS release number
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: updated LiS release number

2006-10-10  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* AUTHORS: updates for release
	* NEWS: updates for release
	* README: updates for release
	* THANKS: updates for release
	* doc/man/strnsl.refs: updates for release
	* doc/manual/descrip.texi: updates for release

2006-10-05  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* AUTHORS: updates for release
	* NEWS: updates for release
	* README: updates for release
	* THANKS: updates for release
	* doc/manual/descrip.texi: updates for release
	* doc/manual/news.texi: updates for release

2006-10-03  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* configure.ac: added config file
	* doc/manual/news.texi: updated release notes
	* lib32/Makefile.am: removed AUTOCONFIG_H
	* Makefile.am: removed AUTOCONFIG_H
	* src/include/Makefile.am: parameterized
	* src/include/sys/strnsl/version.h.in: added comments

	 * src/include/sys/strnsl/config.h.in: added config.h file

2006-10-02  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* strnsl.spec.in: corrections, cooked manpages and documentation
	* debian/changelog: notes
	* debian/control.in: mostly text description formatting
	* debian/copyright: added licenses
	* debian/strnsl-core.postinst.in: copyright header updates
	* debian/strnsl-core.postrm.in: copyright header updates
	* debian/strnsl-core.preinst.in: copyright header updates
	* debian/strnsl-core.prerm.in: copyright header updates
	* debian/strnsl-devel.preinst.in: copyright header updates
	* debian/strnsl-doc.postinst.in: copyright header updates
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: add sunrpc license dependency
	* doc/manual/strnsl.texi: add sunrpc license
	* src/include/netdir.h: move pragam weak ahead of declaration
	* src/lib/netdir.c: move pragam weak ahead of declaration
	* src/lib/xnsl.c: move pragam weak ahead of declaration

2006-10-01  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* debian/strnsl-dev.postinst.in: add and remove devices
	* debian/strnsl-dev.preinst.in: add and remove devices
	* debian/strnsl-dev.prerm.in: add and remove devices

	* debian/rules.in: get debian rules working better

	* am/release.am: distribute release files
	* am/libraries.am: distribute library version files
	* Makefile.am: distribute release and library version files

2006-09-29  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* Makefile.am: libtoo library tweaks
	* configure.ac: added AC_LIBTOOL_DLOPEN
	* strnsl.spec.in: better spec file handling
	* lib32/Makefile.am: libtoo library tweaks
	* src/util/sysconfig/netconfig: added description and copyright

2006-09-27  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* Makefile.am: distinguish LDADD and LDFLAGS

2006-09-25  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* acinclude.m4: reordered includes
	* doc/man/Makefile.am: corrections
	* doc/man/man3/_nderror.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/endnetconfig.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/endnetpath.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/freenetconfigent.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/getnetconfig.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/getnetconfigent.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/getnetpath.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/inetaddr.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/nc_perror.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/nc_sperror.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/netbuf.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/netconfig.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/netdir.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_free.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_getbyaddr.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_getbyname.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_options.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_perror.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_sperror.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/netpath.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/setnetconfig.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/setnetpath.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/taddr2uaddr.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/uaddr2taddr.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man3/xnsl.3.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man5/netconfig.5.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man5/netdir.5.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man5/soon.5.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man5/xxx.5.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man8/soon.8.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man8/test-xnsl.8.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man8/test-xnsl_thr.8.man: corrected macro file name
	* doc/man/man8/xxx.8.man: corrected macro file name

2006-09-24  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- added files to start package off
	- many of these came from strxnet and from strsock

	* .cvsignore: added file
	* .debepoch: added file
	* .debrelease: added file
	* .gnupguser: added file
	* .pkgepoch: added file
	* .pkgrelease: added file
	* .rpmepoch: added file
	* .rpmrelease: added file
	* ANNOUNCE: added file
	* AUTHORS: added file
	* BUGS: added file
	* ChangeLog: added file
	* Makefile.am: added file
	* NEWS: added file
	* PROBLEMS: added file
	* README: added file
	* README-alpha: added file
	* README-cvs: added file
	* README-nexusware: added file
	* THANKS: added file
	* TODO: added file
	* acinclude.m4: added file
	* configure.ac: added file
	* gettext.h: added file
	* strnsl.dox.in: added file
	* strnsl.gif: added file
	* strnsl.lsm.in: added file
	* strnsl.spec.in: added file
	* strnsl.tif: added file
	* strnsl.xcf: added file
	* strnsl.xpm: added file
	* debian/README.Debian: added file
	* debian/TODO.Debian: added file
	* debian/changelog: added file
	* debian/control.in: added file
	* debian/copyright: added file
	* debian/mscript_header.in: added file
	* debian/mscript_postinst.in: added file
	* debian/mscript_postrm.in: added file
	* debian/mscript_preinst.in: added file
	* debian/mscript_prerm.in: added file
	* debian/rules.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-core.postinst.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-core.postrm.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-core.preinst.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-core.prerm.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-dev.postinst.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-dev.preinst.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-dev.prerm.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-devel.preinst.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-doc.postinst.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-doc.preinst.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-doc.prerm.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-init.postinst.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-init.postrm.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-init.preinst.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-init.prerm.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-lib.preinst.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-source.preinst.in: added file
	* debian/strnsl-util.preinst.in: added file
	* doc/.cvsignore: added file
	* doc/Makefile.am: added file
	* doc/man/.cvsignore: added file
	* doc/man/Makefile.am: added file
	* doc/man/strnsl.macros: added file
	* doc/man/strnsl.refs: added file
	* doc/man/man3/_nderror.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/endnetconfig.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/endnetpath.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/freenetconfigent.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/getnetconfig.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/getnetconfigent.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/getnetpath.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/inetaddr.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/libxnsl.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/nc_perror.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/nc_sperror.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/netbuf.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/netconfig.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/netdir.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_free.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_getbyaddr.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_getbyname.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_options.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_perror.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/netdir_sperror.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/netpath.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/setnetconfig.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/setnetpath.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/taddr2uaddr.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/uaddr2taddr.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/xnsl.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man3/xxx.3.man: added file
	* doc/man/man5/netconfig.5.man: added file
	* doc/man/man5/netdir.5.man: added file
	* doc/man/man5/soon.5.man: added file
	* doc/man/man5/xxx.5.man: added file
	* doc/man/man8/soon.8.man: added file
	* doc/man/man8/test-xnsl.8.man: added file
	* doc/man/man8/test-xnsl_thr.8.man: added file
	* doc/man/man8/xxx.8.man: added file
	* doc/manual/.cvsignore: added file
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: added file
	* doc/manual/bugs.texi: added file
	* doc/manual/configure.texi: added file
	* doc/manual/descrip.texi: added file
	* doc/manual/libxnsl.texi: added file
	* doc/manual/news.texi: added file
	* doc/manual/prerequisites.texi: added file
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: added file
	* doc/manual/rpm.texi: added file
	* doc/manual/strnsl.texi: added file
	* doc/manual/todo.texi: added file
	* doc/manual/tree.texi: added file
	* lib32/.cvsignore: added file
	* lib32/Makefile.am: added file
	* po/.cvsignore: added file
	* po/ChangeLog: added file
	* po/LINGUAS: added file
	* po/Makevars: added file
	* po/POTFILES.in: added file
	* src/.cvsignore: added file
	* src/Makefile.am: added file
	* src/test-xnsl.c: added file
	* src/include/.cvsignore: added file
	* src/include/Makefile.am: added file
	* src/include/netconfig.h: added file
	* src/include/netdir.h: added file
	* src/include/sys/netconfig.h: added file
	* src/include/sys/strnsl/version.h.in: added file
	* src/lib/netdir.c: added file
	* src/lib/netdir_inet.c: added file
	* src/lib/netselect.c: added file
	* src/lib/netselect.h: added file
	* src/lib/pthread.c: added file
	* src/lib/xnsl.VERSION: added file
	* src/lib/xnsl.c: added file
	* src/util/sysconfig/README: added file
	* src/util/sysconfig/netconfig: added file
	* tests/.cvsignore: added file
	* tests/Makefile.am: added file
	* tests/atlocal.in: added file
	* tests/dummy1.m4: added file
	* tests/dummy2.m4: added file
	* tests/dummy3.m4: added file
	* tests/dummy4.m4: added file
	* tests/local.at: added file
	* tests/testsuite-xnsl.at: added file
	* tests/testsuite-xnsl_thr.at: added file
	* tests/testsuite.at: added file

-----

Copyright (c) 2001-2006  OpenSS7 Corporation <http://www.openss7.com>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian F. G. Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>

All Rights Reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass
Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.


U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software on
behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following provisions apply
to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department of Defense ("DoD"), it
is classified as "Commercial Computer Software" under paragraph 252.227-7014
of the DoD Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any
successor regulations) and the Government is acquiring only the license rights
granted herein (the license rights customarily provided to non-Government
users).  If the Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government
other than DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor regulations) or, in
the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the NASA Supplement to the FAR
(or any successor regulations).


Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from OpenSS7
Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

vim: ft=changelog tw=80 com=fb\:*,fb\:- fo+=tcqlorn nocin nosi
