OpenSS7 STREAMS Network Services Library -- history of user visible changes.  2008-07-23
$Id: NEWS,v 0.9.2.36 2008-07-11 09:58:14 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

The sections that follow provide information on OpenSS7 releases of the
OpenSS7 STREAMS Network Services Library package.

 Major changes for release strnsl-0.9.2.4
-----------------------------------------

This is the fourth separate release from `The OpenSS7 Project' of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Network Services Library' package.  This package
provides the `libxnsl' library providing the Network Selection Facility
for the Network Services Library.  The package contains all the
necessary manual pages and other documentation.  The package is
packaged as an OpenSS7 style autoconf tarball.

This is the fourth alpha release and is part of the OpenSS7 Master
Package (`openss7-0.9.2.G').  The release provides support for recent
distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - License upgrade to AGPL Version 3.

   - Ability to strap out major documentation build and installation
     primarily for embedded targets.

   - Improvements to common build process for embedded and
     cross-compile targets.

   - Support for flex 2.5.33  in maintainer mode.


_This is a public alpha release of the package: it deprecates previous
releases.  Please upgrade to the current release before reporting bugs.
Please see `README-alpha' in the release, or `Maturity',in the manual._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
RPM- and DPKG-based distributions, and can be used on production
kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released under the `GNU Affero General Public
License Version 3'.  The release is available as an `autoconf' tarball,
SRPM, DSC, and set of binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the downloads page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html) for the `autoconf' tarballs,
SRPMs and DSCs.  For tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs,
see the strnsl package page (http://www.openss7.org/strnsl_pkg.html).

See `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strnsl-0.9.2.4/ChangeLog' and
`http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strnsl-0.9.2.4/NEWS' in the release
for more information.  Also, see the `strnsl.pdf' manual in the release
(also in html `http://www.openss7.org/strnsl_manual.html').

 Major changes for release strnsl-0.9.2.3
-----------------------------------------

This is the third separate release from `The OpenSS7 Project' of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Network Services Library' package.  This package
provides the `libxnsl' library providing the Network Selection Facility
for the Network Services Library.  The package contains all the
necessary manual pages and other documentation.  The package is
packaged as an OpenSS7 style autoconf tarball.

This is the third alpha release and is part of the OpenSS7 Master
Package (`openss7-0.9.2.F').  The release provides support for recent
distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Support build on openSUSE 10.2.

   - Fixed problems with conflicting /etc/netconfig file definitions
     between libtirpc and this implementation of the network
     configuration utilities.

   - Support build on Fedora 7 with 2.6.21 kernel.

   - Support build on CentOS 5.0 (RHEL5).

   - Support build on Ubuntu 7.04.

   - Updated to gettext 0.16.1.

   - Supports build on Fedora Core 6.

   - Support for recent distributions and tool chains.


 Major changes for release strnsl-0.9.2.2
-----------------------------------------

This is the second separate release from `The OpenSS7 Project' of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Network Services Library' package.  This package
provides the `libxnsl' library providing the Network Selection Facility
for the Network Services Library.  The package contains all the
necessary manual pages and other documentation.  The package is
packaged as an OpenSS7 style autoconf tarball.

This is the second alpha release for `Linux Fast-STREAMS' and is part of
the OpenSS7 Master Package (`openss7-0.9.2.E').  The release provides
support for recent distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Improvements to the common build environment with better support
     for standalone package builds on 2.4 kernels.

   - Support for autoconf 2.61, automake 1.10 and gettext 0.16.

   - Support for Ubuntu 6.10 distribution and bug fixes for i386 kenels.

   - The package now looks for other subpackages with a version number
     as unpacked by separate tarball.


 Major changes for release strnsl-0.9.2.1
-----------------------------------------

This is the first separate release from `The OpenSS7 Project' of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Network Services Library' package.  This package
provides the `libxnsl' library providing the Network Selection Facility
for the Network Services Library.  The package contains all the
necessary manual pages and other documentation.  The package is
packaged as an OpenSS7 style autoconf tarball.

This is the initial alpha release for `Linux Fast-STREAMS' and is part
of the OpenSS7 Master Package (`openss7-0.9.2.G').

This release is the initial public release.

-----

=========================================================================

 Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation  <http://www.openss7.com/>
 Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

 All Rights Reserved.

 Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
 manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
 preserved on all copies.

 Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
 manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
 entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
 permission notice identical to this one

 Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
 manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
 responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
 the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
 have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
 which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
 professionally.

 Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by the
 source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

 U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software
 on behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following
 provisions apply to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department
 of Defense ("DoD"), it is classified as "Commercial Computer Software"
 under paragraph 252.227-7014 of the DoD Supplement to the Federal
 Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any successor regulations) and
 the Government is acquiring only the license rights granted herein (the
 license rights customarily provided to non-Government users).  If the
 Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government other than
 DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
 Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19
 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor
 regulations) or, in the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the
 NASA Supplement to the FAR (or any successor regulations).

=========================================================================

 Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from
 OpenSS7 Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

=========================================================================
vim: ft=README tw=72 nocindent nosmartindent formatoptions+=tcqlorn
