2006-05-14  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* NEWS: updated
	* tests/testsuite-sctp.at: added buffer leak checks
	* tests/testsuite-sctp_n.at: added buffer leak checks
	* tests/testsuite-sctp_t.at: added buffer leak checks
	* src/drivers/sctp_n.c: removed reundant QR_ definitions
	* src/drivers/sctp_t.c: removed reundant QR_ definitions

2006-05-08  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* scripts/strconf-sh: added module id base to strconf
	* m4/strconf.m4: added module id base to strconf
	* am/strconf.am: added module id base to strconf
	* acinclude.m4: added module id base to strconf
	* strsctp.spec.in: updated headers, corrected init script removal
	* src/util/init/README: updated headers
	* src/util/init/strsctp: updated headers
	* src/util/init/strsctp.sh: updated headers
	* src/util/modutils/strsctp.in: updated headers
	* src/util/sysconfig/README: updated headers
	* src/util/sysconfig/strsctp: updated headers
	* src/util/sysconfig/strsctp.conf: updated headers
	* src/test/test-etsi_n.c: duplicate enum
	* src/test/test-etsi_t.c: duplicate enum

2006-05-07  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* Makefile.am: added ETSI test suite programs
	* doc/man/Makefile.am: updating manual pages
	* doc/man/man8/test-etsi_n.8.man: added ETSI test suite programs
	* doc/man/man8/test-etsi_t.8.man: added ETSI test suite programs
	* doc/man/man8/test-sctp_n.8.man: updating manual pages
	* doc/man/man8/test-sctp_t.8.man: updating manual pages
	* src/test/test-etsi_n.c: added ETSI test suite programs
	* src/test/test-etsi_t.c: added ETSI test suite programs

2006-05-06  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* src/test/test-sctp_n.c: rationalized to test-ip

2006-04-25  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/man/strsctp.refs: more references

2006-04-23  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* acinclude.m4: rationalized back to strinet drivers

2006-04-22  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/man/strsctp.refs: added a few more references
	* src/drivers/sctp2.c: locking correction

2006-04-08  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/man/strsctp.refs: corrected spelling error reported by spammer

2006-04-07  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/man/strsctp.refs: added some RFC references

2006-04-05  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/man*/*.man: Moved all .so xxx.macros lines down beneath .R2 with a
	  script.  SuSE 10's broken man(1) program thinks that .so lines after a
	  comment line is a redirect, but it is not.  No other man(1) is that
	  stupid.  OTOH SuSE 10's man(1) uses zsoelim, so it doesn't matter if
	  our .macros file gets compressed (just our .refs file).  Also updated
	  all copyright headers.

2006-04-03  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* acinclude.m4: xfrm_policy_delete returns int on 2.6.13+.
	* src/drivers/sctp_hooks.h.in: xfrm_policy_delete returns int on 2.6.13+.
	  - removed some unnecessary socket-based hooks

2006-03-30  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* strsctp/src/drivers/sctp_hooks.h.in: corrected from corrections made
	  to hooks file in sctp package

2006-03-25  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* src/test/test-sctp_t.c: rationalized to strinet
	* src/test/test-sctp-etsi.c: updated with ETSI test case purposes
	* src/test/test-etsi_t.c: renamed from test-sctp-etsi.c

2006-03-24  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/man/strsctp.refs: updated LiS and STREAMS release numbers
	* strsctp.spec.in (%package test): described send-pr
	* src/test/test-sctp-etsi.c: added ETSI test program
	* tests/testsuite-sctp.at: added ETSI testsuite
	* doc/specs: added directory
	* doc/specs/ts_102144v010101p.pdf: added spec to the repository
	* doc/specs/ts_102369v010101p.pdf: added spec to the repository

2006-03-23  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* acinclude.m4: rationalized to strxns
	* strsctp.spec.in: added send-pr files
	* NEWS: updated release notes
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: updated release notes

2006-03-22  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/manual/strsctp.texi: added makefile target index
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: bumped release number
	* strsctp.lsm.in: boutelli can't handle decimal point in lsm

2006-03-21  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* .cvsignore: added *.pr files
	* Makefile.am: added pr.am for problem reports
	* acinclude.m4: added pr.m4 and call _AUTOPR for problem reports

2006-03-20  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* Makefile.am: added checks for DEVELOPMENT
	* src/Makefile.am: added checks for DEVELOPMENT
	* strsctp.spec.in: tied in --disable-devel flag
	* configure.ac: updated and rationalized
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: added checks for DEVELOPMENT

2006-03-18  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* acinclude.m4: corrected typo

2006-03-16  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ANNOUNCE: added announcement file for release
	* .pkgrelease: bumped release number after release
	* NEWS: prepare for next release

2006-03-15  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* configure.ac (AC_CONFIG_SRCDIR): change unique file to .lsm.in file
	* tests/local.at: set better defaults for stand-alone test suites

2006-03-14  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>
	
	* strsctp.spec.in: added second rpmextra string

2006-03-11  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* configure.ac: allow --disable-dependency-tracking in maintainer mode

2006-03-10  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* strsctp.spec.in: updated description fields and headers

2006-03-09  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* strsctp.lsm.in: make suitable for Linux Software Map submission

2006-03-08  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/manual/releases.texi (Prerequisites): updated for release

2006-03-07  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* Makefile.am: compile tools static for distcheck
	* am/help.am: documented remove target
	* am/openss7.am: added remove target and reverse recursive targets
	* debian/changelog: updated release numbering
	* debian/copyright: updated headers
	* debian/control.in: updated deprecated references to LiS

2006-03-06  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/man/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* doc/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* src/include/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* src/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* tests/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* Makefile.am: updated headers
	* src/drivers/sctp.c: updated headers

2006-03-04  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* tests/local.at: updated headers

2006-03-03  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* THANKS: updated for release
	* doc/man/strsctp.macros: updated for release
	* doc/man/strsctp.refs: updated references
	* README-nexusware: updated for release
	* AUTHORS: updated for release

2006-03-02  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* README: updated for release
	* README-alpha: updated for release
	* doc/manual/releases.texi (Bugs): updated alpha statement
	* doc/manual/releases.texi (Bugs, Known Bugs, Maturity): updated release notes
	* doc/manual/strsctp.texi (detailed node listing): added missing Troubleshooting
	* README-cvs: updated for release

2006-03-01  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ChangeLog: corrected format
	* Makefile.am: updated headers
	* NEWS: updated for release
	* README: update for release
	* src/drivers/sctp2.c: changes for 64bit compile, updated headers
	* src/drivers/sctp_compat.h: changes for 64bit compile, updated headers
	* src/test/test-sctp_n.c: changes for 64bit compile, updated headers
	* src/test/test-sctp_t.c: changes for 64bit compile, updated headers
	* tests/testsuite-sctp_n.at: introduct function calls, updated headers
	* tests/testsuite-sctp_t.at: introduct function calls, updated headers
	* TODO: updated to do items
	* README: updated for release

2006-02-23  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ChangeLog: modified -- updated for new release
	* Makefile.am: modified -- added TODO file to distribution
	* TODO: added -- added TODO file to distribution

2006-02-13  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- Changes from strsctp 0.9.2.2 release:
	* m4/kernel.m4: changes for Gentoo and 2.6.15 kernels

-----

Copyright (c) 2001-2006  OpenSS7 Corporation <http://www.openss7.com>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian F. G. Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>

All Rights Reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass
Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.


U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software on
behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following provisions apply
to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department of Defense ("DoD"), it
is classified as "Commercial Computer Software" under paragraph 252.227-7014
of the DoD Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any
successor regulations) and the Government is acquiring only the license rights
granted herein (the license rights customarily provided to non-Government
users).  If the Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government
other than DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor regulations) or, in
the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the NASA Supplement to the FAR
(or any successor regulations).


Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from OpenSS7
Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

vim: ft=changelog tw=80 com=fb\:*,fb\:- fo+=tcqlorn nocin nosi
