2006-11-13  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* src/drivers/ua.c: working up master driver for release
	* src/drivers/ua_dlpi.h: added separate local headers for release
	* src/drivers/ua_mtp.h: added separate local headers for release
	* src/drivers/ua_npi.h: added separate local headers for release
	* src/drivers/ua_sl.h: added separate local headers for release
	* src/drivers/ua_tci.h: added separate local headers for release
	* src/drivers/ua_tpi.h: added separate local headers for release
	* src/drivers/ua_tri.h: added separate local headers for release

2006-11-04  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/manual/descrip.texi: noted open source release of commercial package
	* doc/manual/news.texi: noted open source release of commercial package
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: noted open source release of commercial package
	* src/drivers/m2ua.c: updates
	* src/include/sys/m2ua_ioctl.h: updates
	* src/drivers/ua.c: added common UA file from commercial release
	* src/include/sys/ua_ioctl.h: added common UA file from commercial release

2006-11-03  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* src/modules/m2pa_sl.c: check for flow control, 32-bit compat corrections
	* src/test/test-m2pa.c: 32-bit compat corrections, labelling
	* tests/testsuite-m2pa.at: labelling

2006-11-02  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* src/modules/m2pa_sl.c: major rework for test cases and attach/enable
	  capability
	* src/test/test-m2pa.c: corresponding alterations to test cases and test
	  case corrections from testing
	* tests/testsuite-m2pa.at: removed old test case

	* src/modules/m2pa_sl.c: clear rtb when synchronizing sequence numbers
	* src/test/test-m2pa.c: corrections to display and last test cases

2006-10-31  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* src/modules/m2pa_sl.c: more debugging and a few corrections
	* src/modules/sdt_tpi.c: printf corrections
	* src/modules/sl_tpi.c: printf corrections
	* src/test/test-m2pa.c: many corrections to test cases
	* src/util/init/sigtran: added m2pa_sl module to modules list
	* src/util/sysconfig/sigtran.in: added m2pa_sl module to modules list
	* tests/testsuite-m2pa.at: added sanity checks to testsuite

2006-10-30  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* tests/local.at: added ability to sync between test cases
	* tests/testsuite-m2pa.at: added ability to sync between test cases

2006-10-27  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* src/modules/m2pa_sl.c: working up module
	* src/modules/m2pa_dl.c: added working file
	* src/modules/sl_dl.c: added working file
	* src/test/test-m2pa.c: working up test suite
	* src/test/test-sigtran.c: working up test suite

2006-10-21  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/man/sigtran.refs: updated streams release number
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: updated LiS release number

2006-10-16  Brian Bidulock  <bidulcok@openss7.org>

	- started off this new STREAMS SIGTRAN package

	* ChangeLog: added new package file
	* AUTHORS: added new package file
	* Makefile.am: added new package file
	* NEWS: added new package file
	* README: added new package file
	* THANKS: added new package file
	* acinclude.m4: added new package file
	* configure.ac: added new package file
	* configure.nexusware: added new package file
	* sigtran.gif: added new package file
	* sigtran.lsm.in: added new package file
	* sigtran.spec.in: added new package file
	* sigtran.tif: added new package file
	* sigtran.xcf: added new package file
	* sigtran.xpm: added new package file
	* debian/README.Debian: added new package file
	* debian/TODO.Debian: added new package file
	* debian/changelog: added new package file
	* debian/control.in: added new package file
	* debian/copyright: added new package file
	* debian/mscript_header.in: added new package file
	* debian/mscript_postinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/mscript_postrm.in: added new package file
	* debian/mscript_preinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/mscript_prerm.in: added new package file
	* debian/rules.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-core.postinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-core.postrm.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-core.preinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-core.prerm.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-dev.postinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-dev.preinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-dev.prerm.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-devel.preinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-doc.postinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-doc.preinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-doc.prerm.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-init.postinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-init.postrm.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-init.preinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-init.prerm.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-lib.preinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-source.preinst.in: added new package file
	* debian/sigtran-util.preinst.in: added new package file
	* doc/Makefile.am: added new package file
	* doc/man/Makefile.am: added new package file
	* doc/man/sigtran.macros: added new package file
	* doc/man/sigtran.refs: added new package file
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: added new package file
	* doc/manual/bugs.texi: added new package file
	* doc/manual/configure.texi: added new package file
	* doc/manual/descrip.texi: added new package file
	* doc/manual/news.texi: added new package file
	* doc/manual/prerequisites.texi: added new package file
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: added new package file
	* doc/manual/rpm.texi: added new package file
	* doc/manual/sigtran.texi: added new package file
	* doc/manual/todo.texi: added new package file
	* doc/manual/tree.texi: added new package file
	* lib32/Makefile.am: added new package file
	* src/Makefile.am: added new package file
	* src/drivers/Config.in: added new package file
	* src/include/Makefile.am: added new package file
	* src/include/sys/sigtran/config.h.in: added new package file
	* src/include/sys/sigtran/version.h.in: added new package file
	* src/modules/Config.in: added new package file
	* src/test/test-sigtran.c: added new package file
	* src/util/init/README: added new package file
	* src/util/init/sigtran: added new package file
	* src/util/init/sigtran.sh: added new package file
	* src/util/modutils/sigtran.in: added new package file
	* src/util/sysconfig/README: added new package file
	* src/util/sysconfig/sigtran.conf: added new package file
	* src/util/sysconfig/sigtran.in: added new package file
	* tests/Makefile.am: added new package file
	* tests/atlocal.in: added new package file
	* tests/kernel.at: added new package file
	* tests/local.at: added new package file
	* tests/testsuite.at: added new package file

-----

Copyright (c) 2001-2006  OpenSS7 Corporation <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian F. G. Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>

All Rights Reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass
Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.


U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software on
behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following provisions apply
to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department of Defense ("DoD"), it
is classified as "Commercial Computer Software" under paragraph 252.227-7014
of the DoD Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any
successor regulations) and the Government is acquiring only the license rights
granted herein (the license rights customarily provided to non-Government
users).  If the Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government
other than DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor regulations) or, in
the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the NASA Supplement to the FAR
(or any successor regulations).


Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from OpenSS7
Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

vim: ft=changelog tw=80 com=fb\:*,fb\:- fo+=tcqlorn nocin nosi
