OpenSS7 STREAMS SIGTRAN -- history of user visible changes.  2009-04-04
$Id: NEWS,v 0.9.2.51 2009-04-19 00:28:27 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2008-2009  Monavacon Limited. <http://www.monavacon.com/>
Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2001  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

The sections that follow provide information on OpenSS7 releases of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS SIGTRAN' package.

 Major changes for release sigtran-0.9.2.4.20090405
---------------------------------------------------

This is the fifth separate `OpenSS7 Project' release of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS SIGTRAN' package.  The package contains modules and
drivers formerly only available in commercial releases of the `strss7'
package and which have been available as open source for several
releases.

With `OpenSS7 Master Package' release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the SIGTRAN
and SS7 over IP components were separated from the `strss7' package and
placed into this package.  All of the components previously part of the
`strss7' package have been strapped into this release and have be
revalidated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' using validation test suites.
See TODO
(http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/sigtran-0.9.2.4.20090405/TODO) in the
release or `Schedule',in the manual, for information about release
schedule.

This is a stable, production grade release, and is part of the `OpenSS7
Master Package' (`openss7-0.9.2.G.20090405').

Major features since the last public release are:

   - Included all IUA, V5UA, GR303UA, M2PA, M2UA, M3UA, SUA and TUA
     drivers and modules, both for AS-side and SG-side operation.

   - Full integration of all SIGTRAN components with the OpenSS7 SS7
     Stack.  Full OpenSS7 SS7 Stack distribution and redundancy
     support.  Fully support for SG as STP operation (SG as SEP
     operation was previously available).  Applications use the SIGTRAN
     stack components in the same way as normal OpenSS7 SS7 and ISDN
     stack components providing full transparency to applications.

   - Addition of validation test suites the perform testing to ETSI
     standards for M2UA, M3UA, SUA and TUA.  (The M2PA validation test
     suite has always been part of the package.)  Addition of validation
     test suites for IUA, V5UA, GR303UA.

   - SNMP agents for IUA, V5UA, GR303UA, M2PA, M2UA, M3UA, SUA and TUA:
     both AS-side and SG-side.

   - OpenSS7 SNMP management application support.


_This is a public, stable, production grade release of the package: it
deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade to the current release
before reporting bugs._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
`rpm(8)' and `dpkg(1)' based distributions, and can be used on
production kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released strictly under the `GNU Affero
General Public License Version 3'; however, commercial licensing is
available.  The release is available as an `autoconf(1)' tarball, SRPM,
DSC, and a set of binary RPMs and DEBs for popular distributions.  See
the package page (http://www.openss.org/sigtran_pkg.html) for the
`autoconf(1)' tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the
repository page (http://www.openss7.org/repos.html) for information
concerning network installation and update sources.

See ChangeLog
(http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/sigtran-0.9.2.4.20090405/ChangeLog)
and NEWS
(http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/sigtran-0.9.2.4.20090405/NEWS) in the
release for more information.  Also, see the `sigtran.pdf' manual in
the release (also in html (http://www.openss7.org/sigtran_manual.html)).

For the news release, see `http://www.openss7.org/rel20081029_4.html'.

 Major changes for release sigtran-0.9.2.4
------------------------------------------

This is the fourth open source release of the `OpenSS7 STREAMS SIGTRAN'
package.  This release contains modules and drivers formerly only
available with Commercial releases of the `strss7' package and which
are only recently available as open source with the release of this
package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the SIGTRAN and
SS7 over IP components were separated from the `strss7' package and
placed in this package.  Not all of the SIGTRAN components previously
part of the `strss7' package have been strapped into this release.
Components will be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a
module-by-module and driver-by-driver basis.  See `TODO' in the
release, or `Schedule',in the manual, for information about the release
schedule.

This is a stable, production grade release of M2PA.  It deprecates
previous SIGTRAN component releases from the `strss7' package.  Please
upgrade to the most current release of these components before
reporting bugs.  This release is a maintenance release and provides
support for recent distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Minor documentation corrections.

   - Kernel module license made explicit "GPL v2".  And then changed
     back to "GPL".

   - License upgrade to `AGPL Version 3'.

   - Modifications to build under `Fedora' `2.6.22.5-49' kernel.  These
     changes also support `2.6.22.9-91.fc7' kernel.

   - Ability to strap out major documentation build and installation
     primarily for embedded targets.

   - Improvements to common build process for embedded and
     cross-compile targets.

   - Modifications to build under `Fedora' `2.6.25-45.fc9' and
     `2.6.26.5-45.fc9' kernels.

   - Updated tool chain to `m4-1.4.12', `autoconf-2.63' and
     `texinfo-4.13'.

   - Conversion of RPM spec files to common approach for major
     subpackages.

   - Updated references database for manual pages and roff documents.

   - Build system now builds `yum(8)' repositories for RPMs and
     `apt-get(8)' repositories for DEBs.  Installation documentation
     has been updated to include details of repository install
     sourcesref.

   - Added `MODULE_VERSION' to all modules and drivers.

   - Added SG (Signalling Gateway) project document.


_This is a public stable production grade release of the package: it
deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade to the current release
before reporting bugs._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
RPM- and DPKG-based distributions, and can be used on production
kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released under the `GNU Affero General Public
License Version 3'.  The release is available as an `autoconf' tarball,
SRPM, DSC, and set of binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the downloads page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html) for the `autoconf' tarballs,
SRPMs and DSCs.  For tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs,
see the sigtran package page (http://www.openss7.org/sigtran_pkg.html).

See
`http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/sigtran-0.9.2.4.20090405/ChangeLog'
and `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/sigtran-0.9.2.4.20090405/NEWS' in
the release for more information.  Also, see the `sigtran.pdf' manual
in the release (also in html
`http://www.openss7.org/sigtran_manual.html').

For the news release, see `http://www.openss7.org/rel20081029_4.html'.

 Major changes for release sigtran-0.9.2.3
------------------------------------------

This is the third open source release of the `OpenSS7 STREAMS SIGTRAN'
package.  This release contains modules and drivers formerly only
available with Commercial releases of the `strss7' package and which
are only recently available as open source with the release of this
package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the SIGTRAN and
SS7 over IP components were separated from the `strss7' package and
placed in this package.  Not all of the SIGTRAN components previously
part of the `strss7' package have been strapped into this release.
Components will be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a
module-by-module and driver-by-driver basis.  See `TODO' in the
release, or `Schedule',in the manual, for information about the release
schedule.

This is a stable, production grade release of M2PA.  It deprecates
previous SIGTRAN component releases from the `strss7' package.  Please
upgrade to the most current release of these components before
reporting bugs.  This release is a maintenance release and provides
support for recent distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Support build on openSUSE 10.2.

   - Support build on Fedora 7 with 2.6.21 kernel.

   - Support build on CentOS 5.0 (RHEL5).

   - Support build on Ubuntu 7.04.

   - Updated to gettext 0.16.1.

   - Changes to support build on 2.6.20-1.2307.fc5 and
     2.6.20-1.2933.fc6 kernel.

   - Supports build on Fedora Core 6.

   - Support for recent distributions and tool chains.


 Major changes for release sigtran-0.9.2.2
------------------------------------------

This is the second open source release of the `OpenSS7 STREAMS SIGTRAN'
package.  This release contains modules and drivers formerly only
available with Commercial releases of the `strss7' package and which
are only recently available as open source with the release of this
package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the SIGTRAN and
SS7 over IP components were separated from the `strss7' package and
placed in this package.  Not all of the SIGTRAN components previously
part of the `strss7' package have been strapped into this release.
Components will be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a
module-by-module and driver-by-driver basis.  See `TODO' in the
release, or `Schedule',in the manual, for information about the release
schedule.

This is a stable, production grade release of M2PA for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS'.  It deprecates previous SIGTRAN component releases from
the `strss7' package.  Please upgrade to the most current release of
these components before reporting bugs.  This release is a maintenance
release and provides support for recent distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - A number of SIGTRAN AS drivers (M2UA, M3UA, SUA, TUA) are present
     in the release (that have not been fully tested and do not have
     testsuites just yet).  Consider these as alpha until the next
     release.

   - Corrections for several non-testsuite affecting bugs discovered in
     the M2PA module. (See
     `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/sigtran-0.9.2.4.20090405/BUGS'
     in the release for more information.)

   - Improvements to the common build environment with better support
     for standalone package builds on 2.4 kernels.

   - Support for autoconf 2.61, automake 1.10 and gettext 0.16.

   - Support for Ubuntu 6.10 distribution and bug fixes for i386
     kernels.

   - The package now looks for other subpackages with a version number
     as unpacked by separate tarball.


 Major changes for release sigtran-0.9.2.1
------------------------------------------

Initial autoconf/RPM packaging of the `sigtran' release.

This is the initial open source release of the `OpenSS7 STREAMS SIGTRAN'
package.  This release contains modules and drivers formerly only
available with Commercial releases of the `strss7' package and which
are only recently available as open source with the release of this
package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the SIGTRAN and
SS7 over IP components were separated from the `strss7' package and
placed in this package.  Not all of the SIGTRAN components previously
part of the `strss7' package have been strapped into this release.
Components will be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a
module-by-module and driver-by-driver basis.  See `TODO' in the
release, or `Schedule',in the manual, for information about the release
schedule.

In this initial release, the major component first available is M2PA.
`m2pa_sl(4)' is a pushable "STREAMS" module that is pushed over a
`sctp_n(4)' SCTP driver Stream to form an M2PA signalling link
providing the Signalling Link service interface (`sli(7)').  A complete
test suite that tests to `draft-bidulock-sigtran-m2pa-07.txt' is
included in the release.  The historical SS7 over IP implementations are
provided, but without conformance test suites.  The release also
contains simplified AS modules for M2UA (`m2ua_as(4)'), M3UA
(`m3ua_as(4)') that as yet do not have a conformance test suite.

Subsequent releases in 1Q 2007 will include the additional full M3UA,
SUA and TUA multiplexing drivers with conformance test suites.  The
objective is to have these components publicly available before the
SIGTRAN Interoperability test event in April 2007.

This is a stable, production grade release of M2PA for `Linux
Fast-STREAMS'.  It deprecates previous SIGTRAN component releases from
the `strss7' package.  Please upgrade to the most current release of
these components before reporting bugs.

-----

=========================================================================

 Copyright (c) 2008-2009  Monavacon Limited  <http://www.monavacon.com/>
 Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation  <http://www.openss7.com/>
 Copyright (c) 1997-2001  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

 All Rights Reserved.

 Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
 manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
 preserved on all copies.

 Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
 manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
 entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
 permission notice identical to this one

 Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
 manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
 responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
 the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
 have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
 which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
 professionally.

 Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by the
 source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

 U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software
 on behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following
 provisions apply to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department
 of Defense ("DoD"), it is classified as "Commercial Computer Software"
 under paragraph 252.227-7014 of the DoD Supplement to the Federal
 Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any successor regulations) and
 the Government is acquiring only the license rights granted herein (the
 license rights customarily provided to non-Government users).  If the
 Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government other than
 DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
 Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19
 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor
 regulations) or, in the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the
 NASA Supplement to the FAR (or any successor regulations).

=========================================================================

 Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from
 OpenSS7 Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

=========================================================================
vim: ft=README tw=72 nocindent nosmartindent formatoptions+=tcqlorn
