2006-03-04  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* src/modules/cd/cd.c (CD_UINIT):
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like -1UL
	  - misuse of packed attribute
	* src/modules/dl/dl_lapd.c (dl_correlation):
	  - 32/64-bit issues with dl_correlation
	* src/modules/hdlc/hdlc.c (CD_UINIT):
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like -1UL
	  - misuse of packed attribute
	* src/modules/isdn/isdn.c:
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	* src/modules/isup/isup.c:
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	* src/modules/m2ua/m2ua.c:
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like *((X *)y)++ = z,
	    change to *(X *)y++ = z instead
	* src/modules/mg/mg.c:
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	* src/modules/mtp/mtp.c:
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	* src/modules/mtp/mtp_npi.c:
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like -1UL
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	  - got rid of non-prototype function declarations
	* src/modules/mtp/mtp_tpi.c:
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like -1UL
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	* src/modules/mx/mx_sdl.c:
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	  - 32/64-bit issues 
	* src/modules/sccp/sccp.c:
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	* src/modules/x400p-ss7/sl_x400p.c:
	  - corrected headers
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	  - misuse of packed attribute
	* src/modules/x400p-ss7/sl_x100p.c:
	  - corrected headers
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	  - misuse of packed attribute
	* src/modules/x400p-ss7/sdt_x400p.c:
	  - corrected headers
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	  - misuse of packed attribute
	* src/modules/x400p-ss7/sdl_x400p.c:
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	  - 32/64-bit issues 
	* src/modules/x400p-ss7/mx_x400p.c:
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	  - 32/64-bit issues 
	* src/modules/x400p-ss7/x400p_mx.c:
	  - corrected headers
	  - gcc 4.0.4 doesn't like p = ((typeof(p))y)++,
	    change to p = (typeof(p))y++
	  - misuse of packed attribute
	* src/test/x400p-ss7/test-x400p-sl.c:
	  - signedness of chars
	* src/modules/x400p-ss7/sl_x400p.c (xp_e1_interrupt): - handle irqreturn_t
	  (xp_t1_interrupt): - handle irqreturn_t
	  (xp_suspend): - handle pm_message_t
	* src/modules/x400p-ss7/sl_x100p.c (xp_e1_interrupt): - handle irqreturn_t
	  (xp_t1_interrupt): - handle irqreturn_t
	  (xp_suspend): - handle pm_message_t
	* src/modules/x400p-ss7/sdt_x400p.c (xp_e1_interrupt): - handle irqreturn_t
	  (xp_t1_interrupt): - handle irqreturn_t
	  (xp_suspend): - handle pm_message_t
	* src/modules/x400p-ss7/sdl_x400p.c (xp_e1_interrupt): - handle irqreturn_t
	  (xp_t1_interrupt): - handle irqreturn_t
	  (xp_suspend): - handle pm_message_t
	* Makefile.am (EXPORT_SRCFILES): added cd.c
	  (EXPORT_VERFILES): added cd.c
	  (GENKSYMS_CPPFLAGS): added src/modules include directory
	  (libSS7mods_a_CPPFLAGS): added src/modules include directory
	* src/modules/sccp/sccp.c: include <linux/socket.h> for sa_family_t
	* src/modules/tcap/tcap.c: include <linux/socket.h> for sa_family_t
	* src/modules/mtp/mtp_min.c: include <linux/socket.h> for sa_family_t
	* src/modules/mtp/mtp_tpi.c: include <linux/socket.h> for sa_family_t
	* src/modules/mtp/mtp.c: include <linux/socket.h> for sa_family_t
	* src/modules/tua/tua.c: include <linux/socket.h> for sa_family_t
	* tests/local.at: updated headers

2006-03-03  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* THANKS: updated for release
	* doc/man/strss7.macros: updated for release
	* doc/man/strss7.refs: updated references
	* README-nexusware: updated for release
	* AUTHORS: updated for release
	* src/include/sys/xti_mtp.h: 32/64-bit compatibility
	* src/lib/libxnet/xnet.c: correction affecting 32/64-bit compatibility
	* src/modules/ss7ip/sdt_tpi.c: 32/64-bit compatibility
	* src/modules/ss7ip/sl_tpi.c: 32/64-bit compatibility
	* src/test/inet/test-inet_raw.c: lockf doesn't work well on SMP
	* src/test/inet/test-inet_tcp.c: lockf doesn't work well on SMP
	* src/test/inet/test-inet_udp.c: lockf doesn't work well on SMP
	* src/test/inet/test-sctp_n.c: lockf doesn't work well on SMP
	* src/test/m2pa/test-m2pa.c: lockf doesn't work well on SMP, 64-bit
	  compatibility
	* src/test/sctp/test-sctp_n.c: lockf doesn't work well on SMP
	* src/test/sctp/test-sctp_t.c: lockf doesn't work well on SMP
	* src/test/tli/test-timod.c: lockf doesn't work well on SMP
	* src/test/tli/test-tirdwr.c: lockf doesn't work well on SMP
	* src/test/xnet/test-xnet.c: lockf doesn't work well on SMP

2006-03-02  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* README: updated for release
	* README-alpha: updated for release
	* doc/manual/releases.texi (Bugs): updated alpha statement
	* doc/manual/releases.texi (Bugs, Known Bugs, Maturity): updated release notes
	* doc/manual/strss7.texi (detailed node listing): added missing Troubleshooting
	* README-cvs: updated for release

2006-03-01  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ChangeLog: corrected format of change log
	* TODO: updated to do items
	* README: update for release

2006-02-23  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ChangeLog: modified -- updated for new release
	* Makefile.am: modified -- added TODO file to distribution
	* TODO: added -- added TODO file to distribution

2006-02-13  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- Changes from OpenSS7 0.9a.4 release:
	* m4/kernel.m4: changes for Gentoo and 2.6.15 kernels

-----

Copyright (c) 2001-2006  OpenSS7 Corporation <http://www.openss7.com>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian F. G. Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>

All Rights Reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass
Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.


U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software on
behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following provisions apply
to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department of Defense ("DoD"), it
is classified as "Commercial Computer Software" under paragraph 252.227-7014
of the DoD Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any
successor regulations) and the Government is acquiring only the license rights
granted herein (the license rights customarily provided to non-Government
users).  If the Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government
other than DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor regulations) or, in
the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the NASA Supplement to the FAR
(or any successor regulations).


Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from OpenSS7
Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

