OpenSS7 SS7 Stack -- history of user visible changes.  2008-07-30
$Id: NEWS,v 0.9.2.56 2008-07-31 17:33:45 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

The sections that follow provide information on OpenSS7 releases of the
OpenSS7 SS7 Stack package.

 Major changes for release strss7-0.9a.8
----------------------------------------

The OpenSS7 SS7 Stack package contains a wide array of SS7 drivers and
components for Linux Fast-STREAMS.  This is the public release package
which has most of the components removed.  Subscribers and sponsors of
the OpenSS7 Project have access to the full array of components.

This is the eighth release of the OpenSS7 SS7 Stack strss7 package that
contains SS7 (Signalling System No. 7) signalling stack components for
Linux Fast-STREAMS.  The package contains the necessary header files,
manual pages and other documentation for SS7 components in a separate
autoconf tarball.

This release is primarily to support recent compilers, kernels and
distributions.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Added MTPI specification texinfo (info, html, pdf) document.

   - Added CNAM project document.  The CNAM projects provides a locally
     attached TCAP CNAM database front-end that performs SS7 stack
     functions local to the switching office and queries a back-end
     CNAM database using IP over the Internet.

   - Aded SDLI, SDTI and SLI specifications texinfo (info, html, pdf)
     document.

   - Kernel module license made explicit "GPL v2".  And then changed
     back to "GPL".

   - Added manual pages for LMI and all LMI primitives.

   - Added manual pages for SDLI and all SDLI primitives.

   - Added manual pages for SDTI and all SDTI primitives.

   - Added manual pages for SLI and all SLI primitives.

   - Corrections for recent RHAS4 kernels defining irq_handler_t with 3
     argument function template.

   - Added sdl-pmod and sdt-pmod STREAMS modules and manual pages.
     These two STREAMS modules simluate an SDT and SDL interface
     connection using a STREAMS-based pipe for testing purposes.

   - License upgrade to AGPL Version 3.

   - Changes to support 2.6.22.5-49.fc6 kernel.  Use IRQF_DISABLED and
     IRQF_SHARED instead of deprecated SA_INTERRUPT and SA_SHIRQ.  Use
     pci_register_driver instead of pci_module_init.  These changes also
     support 2.6.22.9-91.fc7 kernel.

   - Ability to strap out major documentation build and installation
     primarily for embedded targets.

   - Improvements to common build process for embedded and
     cross-compile targets.

   - Support for flex 2.5.33  in maintainer mode.


_This is a public beta release of the package: it deprecates previous
releases.  Please upgrade to the current release before reporting bugs.
Please see `README-alpha' in the release, or `Maturity',in the manual._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
RPM- and DPKG-based distributions, and can be used on production
kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released under the `GNU Affero General Public
License Version 3'.  The release is available as an `autoconf' tarball,
SRPM, DSC, and set of binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the downloads page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html) for the `autoconf' tarballs,
SRPMs and DSCs.  For tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs,
see the strss7 package page (http://www.openss7.org/strss7_pkg.html).

See `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strss7-0.9a.8/ChangeLog' and
`http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strss7-0.9a.8/NEWS' in the release
for more information.  Also, see the `strss7.pdf' manual in the release
(also in html `http://www.openss7.org/strss7_manual.html').

 Major changes for release strss7-0.9a.7
----------------------------------------

The OpenSS7 SS7 Stack package contains a wide array of SS7 drivers and
components for Linux Fast-STREAMS.  This is the public release package
which has most of the components removed.  Subscribers and sponsors of
the OpenSS7 Project have access to the full array of components.

This is the seventh release of the OpenSS7 SS7 Stack strss7 package
that contains SS7 (Signalling System No. 7) signalling stack components
for Linux Fast-STREAMS.  The package contains the necessary header
files, manual pages and other documentation for SS7 components in a
separate autoconf tarball.

This release is primarily to support recent compilers, kernels and
distributions.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Support build on openSUSE 10.2.

   - Support build on Fedora 7 with 2.6.21 kernel.

   - Support build on CentOS 5.0 (RHEL5).

   - Support build on Ubuntu 7.04.

   - Updated to gettext 0.16.1.

   - Changes to support build on 2.6.20-1.2307.fc5 and
     2.6.20-1.2933.fc6 kernel.

   - Supports build on Fedora Core 6.

   - Support for recent distributions and tool chains.


 Major changes for release strss7-0.9a.6
----------------------------------------

The OpenSS7 SS7 Stack package contains a wide array of SS7 drivers and
components for Linux Fast-STREAMS.  This is the public release package
which has most of the components removed.  Subscribers and sponsors of
the OpenSS7 Project have access to the full array of components.

This is the sixth release of the OpenSS7 SS7 Stack strss7 package that
contains SS7 (Signalling System No. 7) signalling stack components for
Linux Fast-STREAMS.  The package contains the necessary header files,
manual pages and other documentation for SS7 components in a separate
autoconf tarball.

This release is primarily to support recent compilers, kernels and
distributions.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Corrected support for the DS2152/21352/21552/2154/21352/21555
     chips present in older V400P cards.  (See
     `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strss7-0.9a.8/BUGS' in the
     release for more information.)

   - Support for the DS2156 chip present in recent V401PE cards.  (See
     `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strss7-0.9a.8/BUGS' in the
     release for more information.)

   - Corrections for timer bugs in the X400P-SS7 driver.  (See
     `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strss7-0.9a.8/BUGS' in the
     release for more information.)

   - Improvements to the common build environment with better support
     for standalone package builds on 2.4 kernels.

   - Support for autoconf 2.61, automake 1.10 and gettext 0.16.

   - Support for Ubuntu 6.10 distribution and bug fixes for i386
     kernels.

   - The package now looks for other subpackages with a version number
     as unpacked by separate tarball.


 Major changes for release strss7-0.9a.5
----------------------------------------

The OpenSS7 SS7 Stack package contains a wide array of SS7, SIGTRAN,
ISDN and VoIP drivers and components for Linux Fast-STREAMS.  This is
the public release package which has most of the components removed.
Subscribers and sponsors of the OpenSS7 Project have access to the full
array of components.

This is the fifth release of the OpenSS7 SS7 Stack strss7 package that
contains SS7 (Signalling System No. 7), SIGTRAN (SIGnalling TRANsport),
ISDN (Integrated Services Digital Network) and VoIP (Void over Internet
Protocol) signalling stack components for Linux Fast-STREAMS.  The
package contains the necessary header files, manual pages and other
documentation for SS7/SIGTRAN/ISDN/VoIP components in a separate
autoconf tarball.

This release is primarily to support recent compilers, kernels and
distributions, and to upgrade the X400P-SS7 driver with support for the
Varion V401P (Tormenta III) cards.  Also, this is the first release
that has ISDN, SIGTRAN and VoIP components moved to separate packages
(but will still build all components).

   - The X400P-SS7 driver has been upgraded to support the Varion V401P
     (Tormenta III) card.  This driver passes all validation test
     suites and is production grade.  The driver still supports the
     older cards.  Also, an `autoconf' style validation test suite was
     added and the `test-x400p' test case executable upgraded.

   - Support for most recent 2.6.18 kernels (including Fedora Core 5
     with inode diet patchset).

   - The package will now build doxygen(1) html documentation with the
     'doxy' make target.  See 'make help' or README-make in the
     distribution for more information.

   - Now builds 32-bit compatibility libraries and tests them against
     64-bit kernel modules and drivers.  The `make installcheck' target
     will now automatically test both 64-bit native and 32-bit
     compatibility versions, one after the other, on 64-bit platforms.

   - Added versions to all library symbols.

   - Many documentation updates for all OpenSS7 packages.  Automated
     release file generation making for vastly improved and timely text
     documentation present in the release directory.

   - Dropped support for `LiS'.

   - Package will now support extended ranges of minor devices on 2.6
     kernels under `Linux Fast-STREAMS' only.

   - Better detection of SUSE distributions, release numbers and SLES
     distributions: support for additional `SuSE' distributions on
     `ix86' as well as `x86_64'.  Added distribution support includes
     `SLES 9', `SLES 9 SP2', `SLES 9 SP3', `SLES 10', `SuSE 10.1'.

   - Improved compiler flag generation and optimizations for recent
     `gcc' compilers and some idiosyncratic behaviour for some
     distributions (primarily SUSE).

   - Optimized compilation is now available also for user level
     programs in addition to kernel programs.  Added new
     `--with-optimize' option to `configure' to accomplish this.

   - Automated release file generation making for vastly improved and
     timely text documentation present in the release directory.

   - Added `--disable-devel' `configure' option to suppress building
     and installing development environment.  This feature is for
     embedded or pure runtime targets that do not need the development
     environment (static libraries, manual pages, documentation).

   - Added `send-pr' script for automatic problem report generation.

 Major changes for release strss7-0.9a-4
----------------------------------------

This release is primarily to support additional compilers (gcc 4.0.2),
architectures (x86_64, SMP, 32-bit compatibility), recent Linux
distributions (EL4, SuSE 10, LE2006, OpenSuSE) and kernels (2.6.15).

   - Changes necessary for __LP64__ compatible builds.  Changes to
     support 32-bit ioctl compatibility for __LP64__ architectures.
     Binary compatibility should not have been disrupted.  At the same
     time as the ioctl32 changes, TRANSPARENT ioctl support for most of
     the IO controls for the ldl(4) driver has been added.

   - Changes to satisfy gcc 4.0.2 compiler.

   - Corrections for and testing of 64-bit clean compile and test runs
     on x86_64 architecture.  Some bug corrections resulting from gcc
     4.0.2 compiler warnings.

   - Corrected build flags for Gentoo and 2.6.15 kernels as reported on
     mailing list.

   - Initial corrections for and testing of SMP operation on Intel 630
     Hyper-Threaded SMP on x86_64.  This package should now run well on
     N-way Xeons even with Hyper-Threading enabled.

   - Corrections and validation of 32-bit compatibility over 64-bit on
     x86_64.  Should apply well to other 64-bit architectures as well.

This is a public alpha release of the package.

 Major changes for release strss7-0.9a-3
----------------------------------------

This is primarily a bug fixes release and corrections resulting from
testing.  This is a major bug fix release.  The previous release was
largely untested.  This release has been verified (conformance test
suite passes) for operation with `Linux Fast-STREAMS'
(`streams-0.7a.4').

With this release version numbers were changed to reflect an upstream
version only to be consistent with other OpenSS7 package releases.  All
`RPM' release numbers will be `-1$(PACKAGE_RPMEXTRA)' and all `Debian'
release numbers will be `_0'.  If you wish to apply patches and release
the package, please bump up the release number and apply a suitable
release suffix for your organization.  We leave `Debian' release number
`_1' reserved for your use, so you can still bundle the source in the
`.dsc' file.

Major changes for this release include build against Linux 2.6 kernels
and popular distributions based on the 2.6 kernel as well as wider
distribution support.  The package also supports both `LiS-2.18.1' as
well as `streams-0.7a' on both kernels.

Not publicly released.

 Major changes for release strss7-0.9a-2
----------------------------------------

Not publicly released.

 Initial release strss7-0.9a-1
------------------------------

Initial autoconf/RPM packaging of the `strss7' release.

Not publicly released.

-----

=========================================================================

 Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation  <http://www.openss7.com/>
 Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

 All Rights Reserved.

 Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
 manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
 preserved on all copies.

 Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
 manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
 entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
 permission notice identical to this one

 Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
 manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
 responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
 the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
 have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
 which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
 professionally.

 Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by the
 source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

 U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software
 on behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following
 provisions apply to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department
 of Defense ("DoD"), it is classified as "Commercial Computer Software"
 under paragraph 252.227-7014 of the DoD Supplement to the Federal
 Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any successor regulations) and
 the Government is acquiring only the license rights granted herein (the
 license rights customarily provided to non-Government users).  If the
 Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government other than
 DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
 Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19
 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor
 regulations) or, in the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the
 NASA Supplement to the FAR (or any successor regulations).

=========================================================================

 Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from
 OpenSS7 Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

=========================================================================
vim: ft=README tw=72 nocindent nosmartindent formatoptions+=tcqlorn
