2006-03-03  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* THANKS: updated for release
	* doc/man/strxns.macros: updated for release
	* doc/man/strxns.refs: updated references
	* README-nexusware: updated for release
	* AUTHORS: updated for release
	* src/include/sys/ldl.h: 32/64-bit compatibility, remove dependency on
	  atomic_t from kernel
	* src/include/sys/npi.h: 32/64-bit compatibility, some reformatting
	* src/modules/ip_strm_mod.c: 32/64-bit ioctl compatibility
	* src/test/ldltest.c: 64-bit compatibility
	* src/util/ldlconfig.c: 64-bit compatibility

2006-03-02  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* README: updated for release
	* doc/manual/releases.texi (Bugs, Known Bugs, Maturity): updated release notes
	* src/drivers/ldl.c: corrections to typos introduced
	* doc/manual/strxns.texi (detailed node listing): added missing Troubleshooting
	* README-alpha: added alpha readme file for release
	* README-cvs: updated for release

2006-03-01  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ChangeLog: modified -- corrected format and upated
	* Makefile.am: modified -- added README-LiS to distribution
	* NEWS: modified -- updated for release
	* README: modified -- updated for release
	* README-LiS: added -- README file to capture LiS binary
	  compatibility issues (if any).
	* src/drivers/ip_to_dlpi.c: modified -- 64-bit compatibility for
	  printk statements.
	* src/drivers/ldl.c: modified -- added 64-bit compatibility,
	  32-bit ioctl compatibility, TRANPARENT ioctl capability,
	  removed issues with atomic_t being placed in a user header.
	* src/include/sys/cdi.h: modified -- Applied t_uscalar_t
	  approach to 64-bit and 32-bit compatibility in this header
	  file (cd_long and cd_ulong are 32-bit on both 64-bit and
	  32-bit models).
	* src/include/sys/dlpi.h: modified -- Applied t_uscalar_t
	  approach to 64-bit and 32-bit compatibility in this header
	  file (cd_long and cd_ulong are 32-bit on both 64-bit and
	  32-bit models).
	* TODO: updated to do items
	* README: updated for release

2006-02-23  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ChangeLog: modified -- updated for new release
	* Makefile.am: modified -- added TODO file to distribution
	* TODO: added -- added TODO file to distribution

2006-02-13  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- Changes from strsctp 0.9.2.2 release:
	* m4/kernel.m4: changes for Gentoo and 2.6.15 kernels

2005-09-14  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- Revision 0.9.2.5  2005/09/14 23:42:08  brian
	- bumped release numbers and change logs

2005-07-04  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- Revision 0.9.2.4  2005/07/04 20:19:01  brian
	- updated dates

2005-05-15  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- Revision 0.9.2.3  2005/05/14 08:26:03  brian
	- copyright header correction

2004-08-14  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- Revision 0.9.2.2  2004/08/14 12:35:51  brian
	- Serious work on updating documentation.


2004-07-03  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- Revision 0.9.2.1  2004/07/04 00:54:07  brian
	- Initial import of strxns package.

2004-07-03  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- started separate xns packaging

-----

Copyright (c) 2001-2006  OpenSS7 Corporation <http://www.openss7.com>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian F. G. Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>

All Rights Reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass
Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.


U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software on
behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following provisions apply
to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department of Defense ("DoD"), it
is classified as "Commercial Computer Software" under paragraph 252.227-7014
of the DoD Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any
successor regulations) and the Government is acquiring only the license rights
granted herein (the license rights customarily provided to non-Government
users).  If the Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government
other than DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor regulations) or, in
the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the NASA Supplement to the FAR
(or any successor regulations).


Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from OpenSS7
Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

