ISODE INTERNALS

Marshall T. Rose
Principal Scientist
Performance Systems International, Inc.

Overview

In the 80's, some wag asked "OSI sells, but who's buying?"  Well, before
you can use OSI, you have to implement it.  This course focuses on the
de facto reference implementation of the core aspects of OSI,
the ISO Development Environment.

What You Will Learn

Attendees will gain a thorough understanding of what the ISODE is and
how to put the ISODE to good use.  In particular, emphasis is placed on putting
the ISODE to work: bringing it up, running it, and modifying it for
particular environments. 

Syllabus

  o History and Introduction -- why the ISODE project was undertaken,
    the design and implementation policy, "portability" philosophy,
    underlying abstractions

  o Lower Layer Infrastructure -- the transport service, the transport-switch,
    adding a transport-stack, "typical" site configurations

  o Upper Layer Infrastructure -- application service elements, presentation
    abstractions, defining a new service

  o Implementing new services -- a model for distributed applications,
    the RO-notation, static facilities, dynamic facilities

  o Network Management (SNMP) -- core routines, agent implementation,
    exporting MIB modules, prototyping NOC applications

  o Directory Services -- introduction to the Directory, introduction
    to QUIPU, the QUIPU DSA, a White Pages Service

  o Future Directions -- the ISODE consortium

Who Should Attend

This course is targeted to applications programmers and system managers
who need to better understand how to install, configure, and modify the
ISODE.  Attendees must have a good understanding of the C programming
language, user-level programming for UNIX, and the rudiments of OSI.
Please note that this is not an introductory course to any of these
topics!

Instructor

Marshall T.~Rose is Principal Scientist at Performance Systems
International, Inc., where he works on OSI protocols and network
management.  He is the "champion" of the ISO Development Environment
(ISODE), an openly available implementation of the upper layers of the
OSI protocol suite.  He is the author of both **The Open Book**
and **The Simple Book**, professional texts providing a practical
perspective on both OSI and network management of internets, both
published by Prentice-Hall.  Rose received the Ph.D. degree in
Information and Computer Science from the University of California,
Irvine, in 1984.  His subscriptions to **The Atlantic** and **Rolling
Stone Magazine** are in good standing.
