2006-03-29  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* Makefile.am (KERNEL_PRELOADS): removed sctp.o from preloads
	* doc/manual/sctp.texi: replaced references to XNS stuff
	* doc/manual/tree.texi: replaced references to XNS stuff
	* include/linux/hooks.h.in: Removed redundant ifdefs.  Fixed unresovled
	  symbols occuring on some systems. (Reported by Sumit.)
	  (ip_route_output_flow): replacement function instead of macro
	  (__ip_route_output_key): replacement function instead of macro
	  (__xfrm_sk_clone_policy): replacement function instead of macro
	  (xfrm_policy_delete): replacement function instead of macro
	* src/sctp.c (init_module): Fixed glaring error in sctp_init preventing
	  kernel module from loading. (Reported by Sumit.)
	* sctp.spec.in (%files init): added init scripts to release
	* am/kernel.am: don't build modules boot directory if nothing for it
	* util/init/README: added readme file for init scripts
	* util/init/sctp: added redhat/LSB style init script
	* util/init/sctp.sh: added debian style init script
	* util/sysconfig/README: added reame file for configuration files
	* util/sysconfig/sctp: added configuration source for init script
	* util/sysconfig/sctp.conf: added sysctl init source
	* scripts/send-pr: wouldn't pass --help --version check when searching
	  for config files
	* am/pr.am (distclean-send-pr): character escape in sed expression
	* NEWS: updated for re-release
	* ANNOUNCE: updated for re-release
	* doc/man/man7/sctp.7.man: corrections
	* man/man7/sctp.7.man: corrections (same file as doc/man/man7/sctp.7.man)
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: added sctp.7.texi
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: updated release notes
	* doc/manual/sctp.7.texi: added texinfo version of man page
	* doc/manual/texi/install.texi: corrected @fnindex
	* scripts/texi/install.texi: corrected @fnindex

	* doc/manual/releases.texi: corrected release node
	* doc/manual/sctp.7.texi: added nodes for better info navigation
	* doc/manual/texi/testsuite.texi (Running Test Suites): fixed section level
	* scripts/texi/testsuite.texi (Running Test Suites): fixed section level

2006-03-24  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/man/sctp.refs: updated LiS and STREAMS release numbers
	* sctp.spec.in (%package test): described send-pr

2006-03-23  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* sctp.spec.in: added send-pr files
	* NEWS: updated release notes
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: updated release notes

2006-03-22  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/manual/sctp.texi: added makefile target index
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: bumped release number
	* sctp.lsm.in: boutelli can't handle decimal point in lsm

2006-03-21  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* .cvsignore: added *.pr files
	* Makefile.am: added pr.am for problem reports
	* acinclude.m4: added pr.m4 and call _AUTOPR for problem reports

2006-03-20  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* Makefile.am: added checks for DEVELOPMENT
	* sctp.spec.in: tied in --disable-devel flag
	* configure.ac: updated and rationalized
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: added checks for DEVELOPMENT

2006-03-16  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ANNOUNCE: added announcement file for release
	* .pkgrelease: bumped release number after release
	* NEWS: prepare for next release

2006-03-15  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* configure.ac (AC_CONFIG_SRCDIR): change unique file to .lsm.in file
	* tests/local.at: set better defaults for stand-alone test suites
	* doc/manual/releases.texi (Release Notes): updated for release

2006-03-14  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>
	
	* sctp.spec.in: added second rpmextra string

2006-03-11  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* configure.ac: allow --disable-dependency-tracking in maintainer mode

2006-03-10  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* sctp.spec.in: updated description fields and headers

2006-03-09  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* configure.ac: got rid of autoconf nits
	* sctp.lsm.in: make suitable for Linux Software Map submission

2006-03-08  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/manual/releases.texi (Prerequisites): updated for release

2006-03-07  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* sctp.spec.in: updated %description's
	* am/help.am: documented remove target
	* am/openss7.am: added remove target and reverse recursive targets
	* debian/changelog: updated release numbering
	* debian/copyright: updated headers
	* debian/control.in: updated deprecated references to LiS

2006-03-06  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/man/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* doc/specs/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* doc/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* include/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* tests/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* Makefile.am: updated headers

2006-03-04  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* tests/local.at: updated headers

2006-03-03  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* THANKS: updated for release
	* doc/man/sctp.macros: updated for release
	* doc/man/sctp.refs: updated references
	* README-nexusware: updated for release

2006-03-02  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* README: updated for release
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: updated release notes
	* doc/manual/releases.texi (Bugs, Known Bugs, Maturity): updated release notes
	* doc/manual/sctp.texi (detailed node listing): added missing Troubleshooting
	* README-cvs: updated for release

2006-03-01  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ChangeLog: corrected format of change log
	* TODO: updated to do items
	* README: updated for release

2006-02-23  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ChangeLog: modified -- updated for new release
	* Makefile.am: modified -- added TODO file to distribution
	* TODO: added -- added TODO file to distribution

2006-02-13  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- Changes from sctp 0.2.22 release:
	* m4/kernel.m4: changes for Gentoo and 2.6.15 kernels

-----

Copyright (c) 2001-2006  OpenSS7 Corporation <http://www.openss7.com>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian F. G. Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>

All Rights Reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass
Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.


U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software on
behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following provisions apply
to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department of Defense ("DoD"), it
is classified as "Commercial Computer Software" under paragraph 252.227-7014
of the DoD Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any
successor regulations) and the Government is acquiring only the license rights
granted herein (the license rights customarily provided to non-Government
users).  If the Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government
other than DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor regulations) or, in
the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the NASA Supplement to the FAR
(or any successor regulations).


Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from OpenSS7
Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

vim: ft=changelog tw=80 com=fb\:*,fb\:- fo+=tcqlorn
