OpenSS7 STREAMS Sockets -- history of user visible changes.  2009-05-03
$Id: NEWS,v 0.9.2.60 2009-04-19 00:28:34 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2008-2009  Monavacon Limited. <http://www.monavacon.com/>
Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2001  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

The sections that follow provide information on OpenSS7 releases of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Sockets' package.

 Major changes for release strsock-0.9.2.4.20090405
---------------------------------------------------

This is the fifth separate `OpenSS7 Project' release of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Sockets' package whose components were formely part of
the `strss7', `strxnet' and `streams' packages.  This package provides
a Sockets library for use with STREAMS drivers and modules conforming
to the TPI and XTI/TLI interfaces.  This package contains all of the
necessary manual pages and other documentation and is release as an
OpenSS7-style `autoconf(1)' tarball.

     Note Well: With this release, the `strsock' subpackage will no
     longer be released as a separate subpackage, but is only contained
     in the OpenSS7 Master Package release.  With a subsequent release
     all subpackages of the OpenSS7 Master Package will be collapsed
     into a single release package.

This is a beta release and is part of the `OpenSS7 Master Package'
(`opesns7-0.9.2.G.20090405').  Previous releases were pre-alpha and did
not contain full functionality, primarily because Socket interface to
STREAMS drivers was of lower importance.  This release contains full
functionality: please upgrade before reporting bugs.

Major features since the last public release are:

   * Documentation license upgraded to GFDL 1.3.

   * Updated tool chain to `m4-1.4.13', `automake-1.10.2',
     `bison-2.4.1', `libtool-2.2.6a', `texinfo-4.13a'.

   * Previous release of this package had incomplete functionality.
     The Sockets compatibilty library (`libsocket') now has complete
     functionality for use with STREAMS drivers and modules conforming
     to the TPI and XTI/TLI interfaces.

   * Complete support for use of the sockets interface to OpenSS7 SS7,
     ISDN, X.25, Frame Relay and other stack components.  This permits,
     for example, using the BSD Sockets interface to access SS7 MTP,
     X.25 XX25 and other components.

   * Complete validation tests suite support.

   * Package upgraded from alpha to beta.


_This is a public, beta release of the package: it deprecates previous
reelases.  Please upgrade before reporting bugs.  If you are interested
in testing this package, please contact <info@openss7.com>._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
`rpm(8)' and `dpkg(1)' based distributions, and can be used on
production kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released strictly under the `GNU Affero
General Public License Version 3'; however, commercial licensing is
available.  The release is available as an `autoconf(1)' tarball, SRPM,
DSC, and a set of binary RPMs and DEBs for popular distributions.  See
the package page (http://www.openss.org/strsock_pkg.html) for the
`autoconf(1)' tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the
repository page (http://www.openss7.org/repos.html) for information
concerning network installation and update sources.

See ChangeLog
(http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strsock-0.9.2.4.20090405/ChangeLog)
and NEWS
(http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strsock-0.9.2.4.20090405/NEWS) in the
release for more information.  Also, see the `strsock.pdf' manual in
the release (also in html (http://www.openss7.org/strsock_manual.html)).

For the news release, see `http://www.openss7.org/rel2009XXXX_C.html'.

 Major changes for release strsock-0.9.2.4
------------------------------------------

This is the fourth separate `OpenSS7 Project' release of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Sockets' package whose components were formerly part
of the `strss7', `strxnet' and `streams' packages.  These networking
modules provide the Sockets library.  The package contains all the
necessary manual pages and other documentation.  The package is
packaged as an OpenSS7 style autoconf tarball.

This is the fourth alpha release and is part of the OpenSS7 Master
Package (`openss7-0.9.2.G').  The release includes maintenance support
for recent distributions and tool chain, but also includes some
performance and feature upgrades and inspection bug fixes.  It
deprecates previous releases.  Please upgrade before reporting bugs on
previous releases.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Minor documentation corrections.

   - Kernel module license made explicit "GPL v2".  And then changed
     back to "GPL".

   - License upgrade to `AGPL Version 3'.

   - Support for flex 2.5.33  in maintainer mode.

   - Ability to strap out major documentation build and installation
     primarily for embedded targets.

   - Improvements to common build process for embedded and
     cross-compile targets.

   - Updated tool chain to `m4-1.4.12', `autoconf-2.63' and
     `texinfo-4.13'.

   - Conversion of RPM spec files to common approach for major
     subpackages.

   - Updated references database for manual pages and roff documents.

   - Build system now builds `yum(8)' repositories for RPMs and
     `apt-get(8)' repositories for DEBs.  Installation documentation
     has been updated to include details of repository install
     sourcesref.

   - Added `MODULE_VERSION' to all modules and drivers.

   - Several important bug fixes for thread safety of the socket
     library: see `BUGS' in the release for more information.


_This is a public alpha release of the package: it deprecates previous
releases.  Please upgrade to the current release before reporting bugs.
Please see `README-alpha' in the release, or `Maturity',in the manual._

As with other OpenSS7 releases, this release configures, compiles,
installs and builds RPMs and DEBs for a wide range of Linux 2.4 and 2.6
RPM- and DPKG-based distributions, and can be used on production
kernels without patching or recompiling the kernel.

This package is publicly released under the `GNU Affero General Public
License Version 3'.  The release is available as an `autoconf' tarball,
SRPM, DSC, and set of binary RPMs and DEBs.  See the downloads page
(http://www.openss7.org/download.html) for the `autoconf' tarballs,
SRPMs and DSCs.  For tarballs, SRPMs, DSCs and binary RPMs and DEBs,
see the strsock package page (http://www.openss7.org/strsock_pkg.html).

See
`http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strsock-0.9.2.4.20090405/ChangeLog'
and `http://www.openss7.org/codefiles/strsock-0.9.2.4.20090405/NEWS' in
the release for more information.  Also, see the `strsock.pdf' manual
in the release (also in html
`http://www.openss7.org/strsock_manual.html').

For the news release, see `http://www.openss7.org/rel20081029_C.html'.

 Major changes for release strsock-0.9.2.3
------------------------------------------

This `OpenSS7 Project' release is the third separate release of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Sockets' package whose components were formerly part
of the `strss7', `strxnet' and `streams' packages.  These networking
modules provide the Sockets library.  The package contains all the
necessary manual pages and other documentation.  The package is
packaged as an OpenSS7 style autoconf tarball.

This is the third alpha release and is part of the OpenSS7 Master
Package (`openss7-0.9.2.F').  This release is primarily a maintenance
release supporting recent distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Support build on openSUSE 10.2.

   - Support build on Fedora 7 with 2.6.21 kernel.

   - Support build on CentOS 5.0 (RHEL5).

   - Support build on Ubuntu 7.04.

   - Updated to gettext 0.16.1.

   - Changes to support build on 2.6.20-1.2307.fc5 and
     2.6.20-1.2933.fc6 kernel.

   - Supports build on Fedora Core 6.

   - Support for recent distributions and tool chains.


 Major changes for release strsock-0.9.2.2
------------------------------------------

This `OpenSS7 Project' release is the second separate release of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Sockets' package whose components were formerly part
of the `strss7', `strxnet' and `streams' packages.  These networking
modules provide the Sockets library.  The package contains all the
necessary manual pages and other documentation.  The package is
packaged as an OpenSS7 style autoconf tarball.

This is the second alpha release for `Linux Fast-STREAMS' and is part of
the OpenSS7 Master Package (`openss7-0.9.2.E').  This release is
primarily a maintenance release supporting recent distributions and
tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Improvements to the common build environment with better support
     for standalone package builds on 2.4 kernels.

   - Support for autoconf 2.61, automake 1.10 and gettext 0.16.

   - Support for Ubuntu 6.10 distribution and bug fixes for i386 kenels.

   - The package now looks for other subpackages with a version number
     as unpacked by separate tarball.


 Major changes for release strsock-0.9.2.1
------------------------------------------

This `OpenSS7 Project' release is the first separate release of the
`OpenSS7 STREAMS Sockets' package whose components were formerly part
of the `strss7', `strxnet' and `streams' packages.  These networking
modules provide the Sockets library.  The package contains all the
necessary manual pages and other documentation.  The package is
packaged as an OpenSS7 style autoconf tarball.

This is the initial alpha release for `Linux Fast-STREAMS' and is part
of the OpenSS7 Master Package (`openss7-0.9.2.D').

This release is the initial public release.

   - Support for most recent 2.6.18 kernels (including Fedora Core 5
     with inode diet patchset).

-----

=========================================================================

 Copyright (c) 2008-2009  Monavacon Limited  <http://www.monavacon.com/>
 Copyright (c) 2001-2008  OpenSS7 Corporation  <http://www.openss7.com/>
 Copyright (c) 1997-2001  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

 All Rights Reserved.

 Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
 manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
 preserved on all copies.

 Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
 manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
 entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
 permission notice identical to this one

 Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
 manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
 responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
 the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
 have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
 which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
 professionally.

 Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by the
 source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

 U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software
 on behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following
 provisions apply to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department
 of Defense ("DoD"), it is classified as "Commercial Computer Software"
 under paragraph 252.227-7014 of the DoD Supplement to the Federal
 Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any successor regulations) and
 the Government is acquiring only the license rights granted herein (the
 license rights customarily provided to non-Government users).  If the
 Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government other than
 DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
 Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19
 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor
 regulations) or, in the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the
 NASA Supplement to the FAR (or any successor regulations).

=========================================================================

 Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from
 OpenSS7 Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

=========================================================================
vim: ft=README tw=72 nocindent nosmartindent formatoptions+=tcqlorn
