2006-09-17  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* tests/atlocal.in: updated testsuite headers
	* tests/kernel.at: updated testsuite headers
	* tests/testsuite.at: updated testsuite headers

	* Makefile.am: added 32-bit compatibility libraries and binaries
	* strtty.spec.in: added 32-bit compatibility libraries and binaries

	* lib32/Makefile.am: added 32-bit compatibility makefile

2006-09-02  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: missing bugs.texi from release
	* am/release.am: changes to pass distcheck
	* configure.ac: changes to pass distcheck

2006-08-26  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/manual/todo.texi: added todo file
	* doc/manual/bugs.texi: added bugs file

2006-08-25  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

        * am/release.am: added new release control file
	* doc/manual/descrip.texi: added short description file

2006-08-24  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* README: some improvements to documentation
	* doc/manual/quick.texi: some improvements to documentation
	* doc/manual/strsock.texi: some improvements to documentation
	* src/include/sys/strtty/config.h.in: added missing file
	* Makefile.am: automating release files
	* README.in: automating release files
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: automating release files
	* doc/manual/prerequisites.texi: automating release files
	* doc/manual/quick.texi: automating release files
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: automating release files
	* doc/manual/strtty.texi: automating release files
	* doc/manual/texi/quick.texi: automating release files
	* scripts/texi/macros.texi: automating release files
	* scripts/texi/versions.texi: automating release files

2006-08-23  Brian Bidulock  <bidulcok@openss7.org>

	- started off this new STREAMS Terminals package
	* .cvsignore: added
	* .debepoch: added
	* .debrelease: added
	* .pkgepoch: added
	* .pkgrelease: added
	* .rpmepoch: added
	* .rpmrelease: added
	* AUTHORS: added
	* ChangeLog: added
	* Makefile.am: added
	* NEWS: added
	* README: added
	* README-cvs: added
	* README-nexusware: added
	* THANKS: added
	* TODO: added
	* acinclude.m4: added
	* configure.ac: added
	* configure.nexusware: added
	* strtty.gif: added
	* strtty.lsm.in: added
	* strtty.spec.in: added
	* strtty.tif: added
	* strtty.xcf: added
	* strtty.xpm: added
	* debian/README.Debian: added
	* debian/TODO.Debian: added
	* debian/changelog: added
	* debian/control.in: added
	* debian/copyright: added
	* debian/mscript_header.in: added
	* debian/mscript_postinst.in: added
	* debian/mscript_postrm.in: added
	* debian/mscript_preinst.in: added
	* debian/mscript_prerm.in: added
	* debian/rules.in: added
	* debian/strtty-core.postinst.in: added
	* debian/strtty-core.postrm.in: added
	* debian/strtty-core.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strtty-core.prerm.in: added
	* debian/strtty-dev.postinst.in: added
	* debian/strtty-dev.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strtty-dev.prerm.in: added
	* debian/strtty-devel.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strtty-doc.postinst.in: added
	* debian/strtty-doc.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strtty-doc.prerm.in: added
	* debian/strtty-init.postinst.in: added
	* debian/strtty-init.postrm.in: added
	* debian/strtty-init.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strtty-init.prerm.in: added
	* debian/strtty-lib.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strtty-source.preinst.in: added
	* debian/strtty-util.preinst.in: added
	* doc/.cvsignore: added
	* doc/Makefile.am: added
	* doc/man/.cvsignore: added
	* doc/man/Makefile.am: added
	* doc/man/strtty.macros: added
	* doc/man/strtty.refs: added
	* doc/manual/.cvsignore: added
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: added
	* doc/manual/configure.texi: added
	* doc/manual/releases.texi: added
	* doc/manual/rpm.texi: added
	* doc/manual/strtty.texi: added
	* doc/manual/tree.texi: added
	* src/.cvsignore: added
	* src/Makefile.am: added
	* src/drivers/Config.in: added
	* src/include/.cvsignore: added
	* src/include/Makefile.am: added
	* src/include/sys/strtty/config.h.in: added
	* src/include/sys/strtty/version.h.in: added
	* src/modules/Config.in: added
	* src/test/test-tty.c: added
	* src/util/init/README: added
	* src/util/init/strtty: added
	* src/util/init/strtty.sh: added
	* src/util/modutils/strtty.in: added
	* src/util/sysconfig/README: added
	* src/util/sysconfig/strtty.conf: added
	* src/util/sysconfig/strtty.in: added
	* tests/.cvsignore: added
	* tests/Makefile.am: added
	* tests/atlocal.in: added
	* tests/dummy1.m4: added
	* tests/dummy2.m4: added
	* tests/dummy3.m4: added
	* tests/dummy4.m4: added
	* tests/kernel.at: added
	* tests/local.at: added
	* tests/testsuite.at: added
	* am/kernel.am: handle empty kernel module lists
	* .cvsignore: better ignoring
	* doc/manual/.cvsignore: better ignoring
	* scripts/texi/funding.texi: correction

-----

Copyright (c) 2001-2006  OpenSS7 Corporation <http://www.openss7.com>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian F. G. Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>

All Rights Reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass
Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.


U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software on
behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following provisions apply
to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department of Defense ("DoD"), it
is classified as "Commercial Computer Software" under paragraph 252.227-7014
of the DoD Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any
successor regulations) and the Government is acquiring only the license rights
granted herein (the license rights customarily provided to non-Government
users).  If the Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government
other than DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor regulations) or, in
the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the NASA Supplement to the FAR
(or any successor regulations).


Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from OpenSS7
Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

vim: ft=changelog tw=80 com=fb\:*,fb\:- fo+=tcqlorn nocin nosi
