OpenSS7 STREAMS VOIP -- history of user visible changes.  2007-03-27
$Id: NEWS,v 0.9.2.13 2007/03/17 09:02:55 brian Exp $
Copyright (c) 2001-2007  OpenSS7 Corporation. <http://www.openss7.com/>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>
See the end for copying conditions (for this file).

The sections that follow provide information on OpenSS7 releases of the
OpenSS7 STREAMS VOIP package.

 Major changes for release strvoip-0.9.2.3
------------------------------------------

This is the third open source release of the `OpenSS7 STREAMS VOIP'
package.  This release contains modules and drivers formerly only
available with Commercial releases of the `strss7' package and which
are only recently available as open source with the release of this
package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the VOIP
components were separated from the `strss7' package and placed in this
package.  Not all of the VOIP components previously part of the
`strss7' package have been strapped into this release.  Components will
be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a module-by-module and
driver-by-driver basis.  See `TODO' in the release, or `Schedule', in
the manual, for information about the release schedule.

This is a beta grade release of H.323.  It deprecates previous VOIP
component releases from the `strss7' package.  Please upgrade to the
most current release of these components before reporting bugs.

This release is a maintenance release providing support for recent
distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Updated to gettext 0.16.1.

   - Changes to support build on 2.6.20-1.2307.fc5 kernel.

   - Support for recent distributions and tool chains.


 Major changes for release strvoip-0.9.2.2
------------------------------------------

This is the second open source release of the `OpenSS7 STREAMS VOIP'
package.  This release contains modules and drivers formerly only
available with Commercial releases of the `strss7' package and which
are only recently available as open source with the release of this
package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the VOIP
components were separated from the `strss7' package and placed in this
package.  Not all of the VOIP components previously part of the
`strss7' package have been strapped into this release.  Components will
be re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a module-by-module and
driver-by-driver basis.  See `TODO' in the release, or `Schedule', in
the manual, for information about the release schedule.

This is a beta grade release of H.323 for `Linux Fast-STREAMS'.  It
deprecates previous VOIP component releases from the `strss7' package.
Please upgrade to the most current release of these components before
reporting bugs.

This release is a maintenance release providing support for recent
distributions and tool chains.

Major features since the last public release are as follows:

   - Improvements to the common build environment with better support
     for standalone package builds on 2.4 kernels.

   - Support for autoconf 2.61, automake 1.10 and gettext 0.16.

   - Support for Ubuntu 6.10 distribution and bug fixes for i386 kenels.

   - The package now looks for other subpackages with a version number
     as unpacked by separate tarball.


 Major changes for release strvoip-0.9.2.1
------------------------------------------

Initial autoconf/RPM packaging of the `strvoip' release.

This is the initial open source release of the `OpenSS7 STREAMS VOIP'
package.  This release contains modules and drivers formerly only
available with Commercial releases of the `strss7' package and which
are only recently available as open source with the release of this
package.

With OpenSS7 Master Package release `openss7-0.9.2.D', the VOIP
components were separated from the `strss7' package and placed in this
package.  Not all of the VOIP components previously part of the `strss7'
package have been strapped into this release.  Components will be
re-validated against `Linux Fast-STREAMS' on a module-by-module and
driver-by-driver basis.  See `TODO' in the release, or `Schedule', in
the manual, for information about the release schedule.

In this initial release, the major component first available is H.323
call control.  `h323(4)' is a "STREAMS" multiplexing driver that links `tcp(4)'
or `sctp(4)' streams to form an H.323 Gatekeeper.  Subsequent releases
in 1Q 2007 will include the additional full H.323, SIP-T and GCP.

This is a beta grade release of H.323 for `Linux Fast-STREAMS'.  It
deprecates previous VOIP component releases from the `strss7' package.
Please upgrade to the most current release of these components before
reporting bugs.

   - Support for most recent 2.6.18 kernels (including Fedora Core 5
     with inode diet patch set).

-----

=========================================================================

 Copyright (c) 2001-2007  OpenSS7 Corporation  <http://www.openss7.com/>
 Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

 All Rights Reserved.

 Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
 manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
 preserved on all copies.

 Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
 manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
 entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
 permission notice identical to this one

 Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
 manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
 responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
 the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
 have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
 which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
 professionally.

 Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by the
 source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

 U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software
 on behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following
 provisions apply to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department
 of Defense ("DoD"), it is classified as "Commercial Computer Software"
 under paragraph 252.227-7014 of the DoD Supplement to the Federal
 Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any successor regulations) and
 the Government is acquiring only the license rights granted herein (the
 license rights customarily provided to non-Government users).  If the
 Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government other than
 DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
 Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19
 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor
 regulations) or, in the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the
 NASA Supplement to the FAR (or any successor regulations).

=========================================================================

 Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from
 OpenSS7 Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

=========================================================================
vim: ft=README tw=72 nocindent nosmartindent formatoptions+=tcqlorn
