2006-03-09  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* strinet.lsm.in: make suitable for Linux Software Map submission

2006-03-08  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/manual/releases.texi (Prerequisites): updated for release

2006-03-07  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* Makefile.am: compile tools static for distcheck
	* am/help.am: documented remove target
	* am/openss7.am: added remove target and reverse recursive targets
	* debian/changelog: updated release numbering
	* debian/copyright: updated headers
	* debian/control.in: updated deprecated references to LiS

2006-03-06  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* doc/man/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* doc/manual/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* doc/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* src/include/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* src/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* tests/Makefile.am: updated headers
	* Makefile.am: updated headers

2006-03-04  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* tests/local.at: updated headers

2006-03-03  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* THANKS: updated for release
	* doc/man/strinet.macros: updated for release
	* doc/man/strinet.refs: updated references
	* README-nexusware: updated for release

2006-03-02  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* README: updated for release
	* doc/manual/releases.texi (Bugs, Known Bugs, Maturity): updated release notes
	* doc/manual/strinet.texi (detailed node listing): added missing Troubleshooting
	* README-cvs: updated for release

2006-03-01  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ChangeLog: corrected format
	* Makefile.am: updated headers
	* README: updated headers
	* TODO: updated to do items
	* README: updated for release

2006-02-23  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* ChangeLog: modified -- updated for new release
	* Makefile.am: modified -- added TODO file to distribution
	* TODO: added -- added TODO file to distribution

2006-02-23  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* src/test/test-inet_raw.c: modified
	* src/test/test-inet_sctp.c: modified
	* src/test/test-inet_tcp.c: modified
	* src/test/test-inet_udp.c: modified
	- 64bit changes
	- suppress lockf for SMP operation
	* tests/testsuite-inet_raw.at: modified
	* tests/testsuite-inet_sctp.at: modified
	* tests/testsuite-inet_tcp.at: modified
	* tests/testsuite-inet_udp.at: modified
	- corrected verbosity
	* src/drivers/inet.c: modified
	- a couple of bug corrections reported by sponsors
	- 64bit changes
	* TODO: added
	* Makefile.am: modified - added TODO file to distribution

2006-02-20  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* .indent.pro: modified - added new types
	* strinet.spec.in: modified - updated for 64bit distribution
	* m4/dist.m4: modified - updated for 64bit distribution
	* src/.indent.pro: modified - added new types

2006-02-19  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* README: modified - updated for new release

2006-02-13  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* .pkgrelease: modified - bumped release number to 3
	* ChangeLog: modified - updated for new release
	* NEWS: modified - updated for new release
	* m4/kernel.m4: changes for Gentoo and 2.6.15 kernels

2006-01-17  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* src/util/init/strinet.sh: modified
	- corrected type in debian init script

2005-09-14  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- Revision 0.9.2.2  2005/09/14 23:41:35  brian
	- bumped release numbers and change logs

2004-07-27  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	- Revision 0.9.2.1  2004/06/27 08:15:37  brian
	- Building strinet release.

2004-06-27  Brian Bidulock  <bidulock@openss7.org>

	* strinet
	- built up initial release of this package

-----

Copyright (c) 2001-2006  OpenSS7 Corporation <http://www.openss7.com>
Copyright (c) 1997-2000  Brian F. G. Bidulock <bidulock@openss7.org>

All Rights Reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass
Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.


U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  If you are licensing this Software on
behalf of the U.S. Government ("Government"), the following provisions apply
to you.  If the Software is supplied by the Department of Defense ("DoD"), it
is classified as "Commercial Computer Software" under paragraph 252.227-7014
of the DoD Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("DFARS") (or any
successor regulations) and the Government is acquiring only the license rights
granted herein (the license rights customarily provided to non-Government
users).  If the Software is supplied to any unit or agency of the Government
other than DoD, it is classified as "Restricted Computer Software" and the
Government's rights in the Software are defined in paragraph 52.227-19 of the
Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") (or any successor regulations) or, in
the cases of NASA, in paragraph 18.52.227-86 of the NASA Supplement to the FAR
(or any successor regulations).


Commercial licensing and support of this software is available from OpenSS7
Corporation at a fee.  See http://www.openss7.com/

